Call Transcript:\n Good afternoon. Hey, Sean. Major with Connect and Cell. How are you doing today? Good. I'm good. Appreciate you asking. I know I'm an interruption. I hope that I caught you at a decent time. Just reaching back out back in April. We actually had some time set aside for a press to speak on the company Connect and Cell. Not sure if that rings a bell by chance, which is looking to... It does. Unfortunately, I've been able to do anything or move it with anything this year with all the changes that are going on in March. So we haven't seen what we're doing. Okay. No problem. Is it worth... Yeah, what would you say is there are timelines for me to reach back out like January or... Yeah, I'd wait till after the year. I would actually look closer to February after budgets are done. Right on. Okay. Beautiful track there. Beautiful. Yeah, I'll drop myself a note and I'll reach out on the scales on the ground. So... Perfect. Awesome. Thank you. Yeah, have a good one, Sean. Thanks for the time. Thank you. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 12:48:55 PM\ncompany_name - DAVACO Inc\ncontact_first_name - Sean\ncontact_last_name - Hogan\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Future Interest\nuser_name - Nathan Merrill\ncontact_job_title - Director, Business Development\ncall_talk_time - 59 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_DAVACOInc_S_Hogan_FutureInterest.mp3
