Call Transcript:\n Good morning, Tori Sieging. Good morning. This is Crystal Friend, Connection Style of the Goin' Foray. All right, how are you? I'm glad you're doing good. I'm doing great. Thanks for asking. I know I'm an interruption. Can I have 27 seconds to tell you what I call? What is this superglue for girls, too? Oh, yes. Well, of course, when I talk to a lot of people in sales, they really find it extremely frustrating, trying to get enough conversations for anyone to hit their numbers or keep maintaining building pipeline. And so that's where we have this bright future amongst the powerful sales channel, which is bright conversations. What I mean by live conversations is like what you and I are having right now. So that's my recent treat how to get a few minutes and share this bright with you. What kind of account are you available, Tori? You know what? Those types of decisions for a canteen of Canada don't typically go through me. That's like a corporate decision that goes to our office in Mrs. Saga. Oh, okay. And I'm just the operations manager for a branch in Winnipeg, Nautoba. Oh, awesome. Oh, what a great position. You keep running the fort and keeping this going smoothly. That's very important. Who am I in that corporate? I should talk to you. I have an opportunity to have a conversation with. It might even go down to the corporate level in the US because I think our sales team is managed. The sales team in Canada is managed by the sales team with canteen in the US. Okay. I don't have a direct name, but I do know that their head office runs out of North Carolina. Okay. I really thank you. Yes, thank you for the tip and the direction. And thank you so much for being so generous. You keep saying the best fort runner you can be. So thank you so much. It's fun. Bye-bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 9:06:35 AM\ncompany_name - Canteen Canada\ncontact_first_name - Torrey\ncontact_last_name - Bomhoff\ncontact_country - Canada\ncontact_job_industry - Business Services\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - No Referral\nuser_name - Krystal Lechner\ncontact_job_title - Regional Sales Director\ncall_talk_time - 122 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_CanteenCanada_T_Bomhoff_NoReferral.mp3
