Call Transcript:\n Hey there, Erbil. Steve with Connect and Cell. We spoke a couple of times over the last year, January, April, and had a couple of nice chats, perhaps you remember. I just had a note to follow up in this time period. Where were you calling from? Oh, sorry. My company is called Connect and Cell. And let's we spoke. You still weren't ready to put 15 minutes on the calendar. I was hoping we could take a look at that now, maybe you'll open the next one in two weeks. Sorry, one second. Yep. Hello. Yeah, I'm here. Hey, yeah, sorry. I was expecting another call this way. I picked up. I didn't know the number. I'm extremely busy. I'm not can you tell me a little bit what is it for? Oh, sure. 100%. Just as the left home spoke, you shared with me. You were building a team. It was kind of a small team at this point, but let me give you a quick thumbnail sketch here. So, Erbil, Connect and Cell delivers the live conversation. And what I mean by that is when you, what the team identifies your decision maker and you pick up the phone most of the time, you end up in that voice message or, oh gosh, speak with the admin or mess around on the phone tree, pressing down for cue and all that frustrating stuff that doesn't help to move business forward. Connect and cell solves that problem, but we're not a dialer appointment center. We don't do lead gen nothing like that. Rather, we're a breakthrough way to get every business those live conversations that they need to grow. Speaking with execs like yourself, Erbil is not as difficult as you might imagine. I have 25 plus conversations like this every day and I suspect that I'm spending 15 minutes together or clarify what our breakthrough is and what it may mean to you in the company. Kind of like the morning to the initial brief chat, whatever you need, of course, will accommodate. Yeah, I mean, I'm not like at that stage of getting a lot of live conversations or deals yet I'm very focused on other stuff right now, but maybe, maybe, I'm just trying to see, you know, probably be more in like a growth mode in the new year. So maybe we can talk then. I appreciate, let me ask you there. Sometimes in these situations, I don't know, you'll tell me if it makes sense. We could put something on the calendar. I'll get you out the invite this way. We don't have to kind of play ping pong in that type of thing. Yeah. And if you need to tweak it or change it or reveal, certainly not an issue. But hoping to do it in the next month or so a couple of weeks. And again, if you need to tweak or change, not a big deal. I really can't. It's just going to be I have a full calendar of pitching the VCs and that's a very different mode. I mean, but then I want to get out of. So if you want to talk, we can talk in January. If you want to put something on the calendar, we can put that. You know, 17th of January. Put something on the calendar and we can talk then. Boy, oh boy. That's out there. Um, possible to squeak it in to November with the full understanding. It may need to be changed. No, this is just a little point to it. I really don't want to waste your time. That's why. No, but no, you're right. Just no way. No way. Just a dollar on this. That's why. Yeah. No, no, no, no issue. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 1:19:21 PM\ncompany_name - Teamble\ncontact_first_name - Erbil\ncontact_last_name - Yaman\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Future Interest\nuser_name - Steve Cooperman\ncontact_job_title - CEO and Founder\ncall_talk_time - 257 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_Teamble_E_Yaman_FutureInterest.mp3
