Call Transcript:\n Hello, the staff. How can I help them? Hello, I'm Josh. Shrine Jackson here with Connected Cell. We spoke back in June. A Brux is sitting there to refer me to you. We reached out. You suggested just to say a touch. If you had a few minutes now, if we could set up a time to tell you about Connected Cell and how it can help you so team be more proactive on the phone. Yeah, right now I am still kind of a little busy finishing up my year. Okay. Please keep in mind, but I got about another crazy four weeks yet. So if you're opening your hands, shop back after a little bit, they'd be great. So call you what? November timeframe sometime? Yeah, that'd be nice. Because that is both asked if we could put a placeholder in a career calendar for like the week of the six of November of the 13th. Sure. What time are you thinking? You're in Minnesota. Is that correct or am I off on? How about nine o'clock, 10 o'clock here at time on the eighth? Let's say 10 o'clock on the eighth. I don't know. Thank you, sir. I'll send you the link. We'll talk then. Appreciate it. Have a good day. Take care. Bye bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 11:50:09 AM\ncompany_name - Cota Systems\ncontact_first_name - Josh\ncontact_last_name - Koller\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Meeting Scheduled\nuser_name - John Jackson\ncontact_job_title - VP Sales\ncall_talk_time - 71 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_CotaSystems_J_Koller_MeetingScheduled.mp3
