Call Transcript:\n Hello. Hey James, it's Sean with Connect and Cell. How are you doing? Good, how are you doing? I'm doing well, thanks. Hey I'll be super brief, I know them in interruption. I'll just, if you have 27 seconds, I'll tell you what I'm calling. Is that okay, James? All right. So my company Connect and Cell, we can understand it's super difficult, frustrating to get quality meetings and conversations going to hit your targets, your metrics, your quotas and sales. So we've discovered and developed a sales channel that's often overlooked these days. It's live conversations. So like the one we're having right now, I used our technology to connect us. So I'm looking for, we're not a diallero, we're not a CRM, we're not a data provider or anything like that. We just get you live conversations, 5x to 10x, better than what you're doing today. So I'm looking for 15 minutes with you in October, I can showcase how we do what we do and learn to fit the fit for you. So I'm in the operations group, all of our technology and everything goes through our corporate world fuel services. Okay. Yeah, that's not it. I mean we have platforms that we use for meetings and things, but yeah, that's not my wheelhouse. I know each driver's. Okay. All right. Can you refer me to anyone or does there someone I should, I mean, I'm quite sure that I think group that they have something that they're using that they would reach out if they didn't like it. I appreciate it. Okay. You had a good day. You did. Thank you. Bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 9:04:52 AM\ncompany_name - Alta Fuels\ncontact_first_name - James\ncontact_last_name - Sammons\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Transportation\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - Disqualified\nuser_name - Sean Holman\ncontact_job_title - Sales Director\ncall_talk_time - 95 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_AltaFuels_J_Sammons_Disqualified.mp3
