Call Transcript:\n Connect them so and Randy I know I'm an interruption. Can I have 27 seconds to tell you why I fall? I guess yeah, I'm kind of busy, but go ahead. I know you're busy. I'll keep a real brief. I appreciate you but as you may know being in sales it could be extremely frustrating trying to get enough conversations about a team that hit their overall numbers but I believe we discovered a breakthrough here at Connect them so that unlocks a powerful sales channel which is that live conversation no difference in the one we're having now and it's not a dieler or an appointment center any kind of lead gen and that was the reason for my phone calls that I was really hit a few minutes on the calendar where I'm not bombarding you just to share that breakthrough with you. You have some time maybe early next week for a brief chat that could work better? I would I know I guess the only issue is I don't handle what you're talking about. We have people in marketing that do that. Yeah, I hate to refer you to somebody but I sure can that handles sales and marketing for the company and they handle all the lead sources and all that if you don't mind I could give you their name and number. Yeah well you're sure I mean we don't provide leads but I thought it was a BPSL I thought maybe that was something in your role. You have no influence on that there? I know not as much I'm more in just in street selling but we have people in the market. Oh gosh. Yeah I haven't delivered the part of that. And Tom McMurdo is the person that handles that I don't mean to pass you off but he's the one that I appreciate that. Absolutely. That worked with the correct person you said his name was Tom. Tom McMurdo and he's vice president of sales and marketing so he's got your goals. And he's named Tom McMurdo MC capital MC capital MURDO Tom McMurdo and he can be reset our main corporate office at 7-6-3-55-3-1900. Thanks for the corporate office sir. Yeah sure. Okay I really appreciate that Randy thanks so much again for your time. We should know the best. Alright thank you. Bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 11:12:32 AM\ncompany_name - Satellite Shelters\ncontact_first_name - Randy\ncontact_last_name - Rebers\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Business Services\ncontact_job_level - VP\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Referral\nuser_name - Sal Guiliano\ncontact_job_title - Vice President, Sales\ncall_talk_time - 124 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_SatelliteShelters_R_Rebers_Referral.mp3
