Call Transcript:\n Hi, this is Michael. Hey, Steve with Connect and Cell. Michael, we had a brief chat maybe a recall impact in June, right at the end of June. Thank you, we're super busy at the time. It wasn't really a great time to chat. I was hoping this may be a better time, maybe to put 15 minutes on the calendar over the next one or two weeks or so. Sorry, what is it in regards to? Gotcha, what wasn't sure how far we got. And I'm not that memorable for certain. So, quick thumbnail sketch here, Michael. Connect and Cell delivers the live conversation. And what I mean by that is when you and the team identifies your decision maker, you pick up the phone. Most of the time you end up in that voice message that nobody returns, right? It's very frustrating. Certainly it doesn't help to move business forward. Connect and Cell solves that problem, but we're not a dialer appointment center. We don't do lead gender training, nothing like that. Rather, we're a breakthrough way to get every business those live conversations that they need to grow. Speaking with exists, like yourself, Michael, as you might guess is kind of art, right? I have 25 plus conversations like this every day. And I suspect that I'm spending 15 minutes together to clarify what our breakthrough is and what it may mean to you in the company. Kind of like the warning to the initial brief chat, whatever you need, of course, will accommodate. You know, so appreciate you reaching out. Next Friday is my last day at Pearl. So, I'm going to be moving on to another opportunity. And now it's not a particularly relevant time to be transparent. Gotcha. Does, based on what we just tried it about, my description, would connect and cell make sense maybe if the new opportunity? I don't think so. I'm not going to be doing processing there, but I appreciate it. Alrighty, sir. Be good. Thank you so much. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 1:09:15 PM\ncompany_name - Trilogy Mentors\ncontact_first_name - Michael\ncontact_last_name - Jarvis\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - No Referral\nuser_name - Steve Cooperman\ncontact_job_title - Head of Growth\ncall_talk_time - 122 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_TrilogyMentors_M_Jarvis_NoReferral.mp3
