Call Transcript:\n Hello. Hey, Michael. Niki was connected. How are you doing today? I'm sorry. Who are you with? Yeah. I'm calling with my company. It's Connect and Sval. We spoke all the way back in April. Not sure if the name of company rings about by chance. It does not. Okay. So real quick. Last week spoke back in April. I mean, we was about our conversation weapon. It was really what we are here at Connect and Sval. Eliminating the voicemails like work that it takes to actually get engaged in a conversation with your clients or any prospects. Yeah, I really don't need this. Like I alluded to you before, I just don't have any need for that. I've got a very big client base and everything that fits my needs and needs. I just don't need any help. Okay. Yeah. I know you're killing the sales game. I like to think of us as kind of race gas for the folks that are already racing around the track doing things in a million miles an hour very effectively. We're just a little bit of an extra edge. And so I was looking. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm remote. So my company is an Oklahoma. So I'm remote. I'm a one man band down here with my customers and everything. The people of Oklahoma code everything. I mean, I'm really handled. I really don't need any kind of expertise or assistance or anything like that. So. Okay. But I appreciate it, sir. Yeah. Fair enough. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 10:48:58 AM\ncompany_name - Custom Power Enclosures\ncontact_first_name - Michael\ncontact_last_name - Brown\ncontact_country - \ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - No Referral\nuser_name - Nathan Merrill\ncontact_job_title - Director, Sales\ncall_talk_time - 86 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_CustomPowerEnclosures_M_Brown_NoReferral.mp3
