Call Transcript:\n This is Gary. Hello, Jerry. John Jackson here. Connected to the cell. How are you? I'm good. How are you doing? We haven't talked in a while. We spoke back in May. We had a rescheduled call. You couldn't make it. I was really reaching out to see if you might have time yet this week or next week to reschedule our call. I'm not really trying to recap on what it's about. We're all about helping people have a lot of conversations. We've basically removed the friction that reps and curves. Have you lifted any courage trying to get somebody to pick up the phone? Have you sent any mail on it? I have. We set up a call on April 24th of fact. Okay. And what's the name again? John Jackson. The company's called Connect and Cell. Well, John, I thought you were trying to move in from out of state. It was calling me. Got it. Because I'm an agent. Just called me not no more than 30 minutes ago. Let me look at my calendar because I need. I'm going to. Can we try to moral between 9 and 10 a eastern. Your eastern time. Yeah, you can call me then. How about 10 o'clock? Does that work for you? That's fine. Well, eastern time. Yeah, okay. I'll call you. 239 for me now. 239. So you're two hours ahead of me. I'm an idol. I'm on mom's time. So I'll call you at 9 o'clock tomorrow. That was it. I look forward to it. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 11:39:06 AM\ncompany_name - Edgar Dunn\ncontact_first_name - Garry\ncontact_last_name - Pate\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Meeting Scheduled\nuser_name - John Jackson\ncontact_job_title - Business Development Director\ncall_talk_time - 120 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_EdgarDunn_G_Pate_MeetingScheduled.mp3
