Call Transcript:\n Hello. Hey, hobby. How was connection cell? I'm sorry, who is this? Sal with connection cell. Sal? How are you, Sal? I'm just going to say so much for asking. And, hobby, I'm not sure if my name accompany rings the bell. I spoke back in June. I was trying to get a few minutes on the count that I kind of share a breakthrough with you on Connect and Cell, which I actually used today to speak to you and back then on June 28th. And, what's the best timing on your end? You have to think this going on. So I had to remind you to circle back, you know, after the summer. And see if maybe you had a few minutes over the next week or two to finally have that chat. I don't know what you're talking about. So let me give you a quick refresher. So here at Connected Cell, we deliver live conversations on demand at a click of a button. So we eliminate gatekeepers, admins, navigating phone trees from the sales equation. So you could focus on being the conversations that you want with the people that you intend to speak to by name and title. So this way, you know, you're not spending your wheels again, dumped into the voicemail or having to navigate phone trees. Can you see a benefit there from having more conversations than you currently have now? So I'm not in a position to make a bind decision anymore. Gotcha. Yeah. Is this something that you have like influence on? You know, the types of things. Got it. Well, I'd like to speak with the right person. You know, all of a hand, like who might be better for me to go out and try to connect with maybe I can be like LinkedIn or if I call the. Are you. Sorry. I was looking at you know, are you a reference? What company were you trying to get into? What was the great point or was it complex complex? Okay. So the company actually went belly up. Oh, really? And as a reason why? As of August. Yeah. I'm not sure. Okay. So that's why at the time we spoke like maybe there was. Yeah. That was like, they in a way we don't buy anything. Yeah, I get it. I get it. But not either way. I appreciate you the way I have you. Which enough to put the best going forward and you have a good rest of the week, my friend. You should have happy on the. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 12:14:25 PM\ncompany_name - LookingGlass\ncontact_first_name - Javier\ncontact_last_name - Amaya\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - Disqualified\nuser_name - Sal Guiliano\ncontact_job_title - Enterprise Sales Director\ncall_talk_time - 145 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_LookingGlass_J_Amaya_Disqualified.mp3
