Call Transcript:\n Hey Greg, this is Sam with Connect and Cell. How are you? Hey, sorry, who is this? Sam with Connect and Cell. I'm not sure if my name or company rings the bell. We spoke back, it's been just alive, and at the time I was trying to give a few minutes from the account that I kind of share our break through with you. Yet, as the two people in email would take data, much more, we could get it ever at a chance to speak at it. But I just had a reminder that I put my foot back and see if you had a few minutes, finally, have that chat over the next few minutes. I'm running into a meeting, so Connect and Cell? Yeah, Connect and Cell. And just, I know you're busy, but just to give you a quick refresher, we deliver live conversations on demand at a click of a button. That's actually how I got to the phone, the initial time we spoke and how I got to the phone again today. So, we'll make gatekeepers, admins, navigating phone trees from the sales equation, so the team could just be more efficient and productive with their time. And that's how I was hoping to get a few minutes in the counter. So, the strings attached, of course, is to kind of share a little bit more info on Connect and Cell, how we helped other companies in your space drive their business growth. Do you have some time to be like, even like next Tuesday, when is that you can work better? I can't, Shack right now. I'm legit running out, but let me find it again, and I will read until a bit more, I didn't get a chance to report, but I probably will take a look into it. Alright, so let me do this, I'll put it to the top of your inbox and to see you have a, probably you don't have to go dig in, I had the, your first email asking that'sspitingpack.com is still the best. Yep, that's it. Alright, perfect, I'll just give you a little note and I'll follow up with you from here back. Sounds good, thank you. Thanks for. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 12:35:45 PM\ncompany_name - Site Impact\ncontact_first_name - Greg\ncontact_last_name - Heiman\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Email\nuser_name - Sal Guiliano\ncontact_job_title - Director, Business Development\ncall_talk_time - 105 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_SiteImpact_G_Heiman_Email.mp3
