Call Transcript:\n Hello. Hello, Tara. Try and try to action here with Connected Cell. How are you? I'm okay. We spoke back in January. Generic dance. These are a pretty stable for you there in terms of, you know, proactive, you know, calling and all that. So I wanted to reach out and see if your sales reps could increase, could you use increases or conversations by a number of, you know, five times or 10 times what they're doing today. Yeah, so we're unfortunately, we've made a little bit of progress just still not at the point where it is, it is the C of where you're at. So it's not, it's not that we couldn't benefit from having your services just that I can't justify that cost at this point. So, and so if you want to just put me back into the next update, we can make more progress. When you start planning for 2024. So we typically do that, you know, honestly from ours is that we don't do a lot of annualized planning at this point. We're just kind of in a maintenance mode, you know, in terms of the size and where we're at. It is more on a three month, three months out, you know, where do we need to be next quarter and under next quarter. So we're not necessarily interested in getting annualized basis. So, yeah. So if you were my shoes, it would be a good time to reach out again. So I think the best time is is that things usually will be after, well after the holidays, I would say probably into March would probably be a good timeframe. Or start for. Yeah. Okay. Thank you for that. Appreciate it. Have a good day. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 11:46:42 AM\ncompany_name - Amplico Marketing\ncontact_first_name - Tara\ncontact_last_name - Foote\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - C-Level\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Future Interest\nuser_name - John Jackson\ncontact_job_title - Co-Founder\ncall_talk_time - 94 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_AmplicoMarketing_T_Foote_FutureInterest.mp3
