Call Transcript:\n is Steve with Connect and Sal, Moira, I know, I'm an interruption. Can I ask 27 seconds to tell you what I call? Deal, three. Excellent, I promise I'll be brief here. Moira, as I'm sure you know, it could be extremely frustrating trying to get enough conversations to hit your numbers. But I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that unlocks a powerful sales channel, a lot of conversation, just like the one we're having now, and our breakthrough is in a dial error, CRM, lead gen, nothing like that. I know today's call is not scheduled, of course, Moira, what I am looking to do is put 15 minutes on the calendar, maybe over the next one, it's two weeks, the share is breakthrough with you at a better time. You happen to have your schedule handy? I do, but tell me what is this that you are offering? That is a reasonable question. Let me give you a little bit more context. So, Connect and Sal delivers the live conversation, Moira, and what I mean by that is, when you with a team identifies your decision maker, and you pick up the phone, most of the time you end up in that voice message that nobody returned, right? It's extremely frustrating, certainly doesn't help to move business forward. Connect and Sal solves that problem, but we're not a dial error appointment setter, we don't do lead gen or training like I mentioned, but rather we're a breakthrough way to get every business, those live conversations that they need to grow. Speaking with success like yourself, as you might guess, Moira, it's kind of difficult. I have 25 plus conversations like this every day, and I suspect that up spending 15 minutes together or a clarify what our breakthrough is, but it may mean to you in the company, kind of like the morning to the initial brief conversation, but whatever you need, of course, will accommodate. Well, I am willing to have a conversation, sometime in December, can you give me a call back then? Got it, yeah. Well, that's a little bit far out there, any particular reason? Maybe we can squeeze it to next month or something? No, I am jammed with travel. Fair enough. Let me make a note, it's a little too far to schedule on guessing, and I'll catch up early December, good. That sounds great, thanks to the call. You got it Moira, have a great day. Bye bye. Bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 11:10:05 AM\ncompany_name - Knowmadics\ncontact_first_name - Moira\ncontact_last_name - Young\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Business Services\ncontact_job_level - VP\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Future Interest\nuser_name - Steve Cooperman\ncontact_job_title - Executive VP, Sales\ncall_talk_time - 148 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_Knowmadics_M_Young_FutureInterest.mp3
