Call Transcript:\n A, sir Joe, this is Stetson Pellet. Hi, sir Joe, can you hear me? I can, I'm fine. Okay, good. This is Stetson Pellet. I'm Stetson Pellet. And I know I'm in the interruption. And I have 27 seconds. Like I call. Trisco foot. Thanks, I appreciate it. So you know, it can be very frustrating. It's trying to get enough conversations to hit your numbers. But I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that unlocks a powerful sales panel. That is a live conversation, like the one we're having right now. And this is not a dialogue. We're not a CRM. And we are not lead generation. It's nothing like that. So, Sergio, the reason for my call is to get 15 minutes on your calendar to share this breakthrough with you at a time that's more convenient for you. Do you happen to have your calendar handy? I sort of do on dreading. But I'm not the right contact for this. I make no decisions on solutions like this. And you know, I... But if you spend the information on Ford and SmartThing. Well, let me just... Let me just run this past you because I didn't think that you were a decision-maker. We are actually... Do you lead a sales team? Yes. I thought so. So we are supposed to prefer to speak with people who are in the trenches, selling or leading a sales team because you understand better than anyone. How difficult it is to even get qualified prospects on the phone. And what Connect and Cell does is it helps your sales team have 10 times more conversations than they're currently having every single day, which is a total game changer. You know, it takes a lot of life. That sounds unbelievable. Can you tell me how you do that? You betcha. So, the most important thing to understand is that we're getting you conversations. Okay, and that does not happen without dials. So first, you load whatever kind of list it is that you're working from. I mean, every one works from some sort of a list. And when we get someone on the phone, you get passed in immediately, and you have a conversation with the person that you wanted to talk to. But we are not a dialer. With a dialer, you're at the mercy. Who answers the phone? Well, with a dialer, you're at the mercy of whoever answers the phone. But with Connect and Cell, you're only connected when your target process is live on the other line. So, it goes on. It's on the cross-net. And I get a call from this connection app or person. Then what happens? So, with Connect and Cell, then what? Yes. So, we have actual people who are my assistants who are getting me in touch with who I want to talk to. So, and when you answer the phone. So, when you answer the phone, you answer the phone. And I'd say yes, this is the surgery, then they think please hold. When you answer the phone, well, it's the way it happens in this call. And you answer the phone. And agent heard you say hello. And within a split second, I was on the phone. That's how it happens. So, again, you're only connected with your target when your target process is live on the other line. And that is just so amazing. And I can tell you, I've been doing this type of work for a long time. Okay, good. I could tell immediately that the only challenge is I've dealt with these software before. And like, I could tell that I was being touched over. And that this was a, you know, so I would be my one question mark. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 9:07:52 AM\ncompany_name - Lightspeed Systems\ncontact_first_name - Sergio\ncontact_last_name - Villegas\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Business Services\ncontact_job_level - Manager\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Email\nuser_name - Becky Benson\ncontact_job_title - Regional Sales Manager\ncall_talk_time - 296 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_LightspeedSystems_S_Villegas_Email.mp3
