Call Transcript:\n Jim Stafelton. Hey, Steve with Pinnett and Fell. JMI now, I'm an interruption. Can I ask 27 seconds to tell you why I call? Sure, I'm sorry, who is this? Steve with Pinnett and Fell. I'll be very very clear, JMI, I appreciate the time. So as I'm sure you know, it could be extremely frustrating trying to get enough conversations to hit your numbers. But I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that unlocks the powerful failed channel, the applied conversation. Just like the one we're having now, and our breakthrough isn't a dial or CRM lead gen, nothing like that. JMI, I know today's call is not scheduled, but I am looking to do is for just a few minutes from the calendar. Maybe over the next one is two weeks to share this breakthrough with you at a better time. You have to have your schedule handy. I guess tell me a little bit what the breakthrough is before we bother to do that. That's a reasonable question. So connect and sell delivers the live conversation. And what I mean by that, JMI, is when you with the team identifies your decision maker and you pick up the phone most of the time you end up in that voice message that nobody returns, right? Very frustrating. Certainly it doesn't help to move business forward. Connect and sell solves that problem. We're not a dial or a point in set or lead gen, nothing like that. Rather we're a breakthrough way to get every business those live conversation they need to grow. Speaking with execs like yourself, Jim, it's kind of hard as you might imagine. I have 25 plus conversations like this every day and I suspect that I'm spending 15 minutes together or clarify what a breakthrough is and what it may mean to you in the company. Kind of like the morning to the initial reach at whatever you need, of course, will accommodate. Yeah, I guess send me something I can read about it and then I'll decide to reach back out. All right. You got JMI. No, can you share that please? Yeah, Jim, that's Stapleton, SCAP, LET1 at epsilon dot com. Gotcha, sir. Alrighty, Jim. I appreciate it. Thank you. Yep. Thank you. Bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 9:56:41 AM\ncompany_name - Epsilon\ncontact_first_name - Jim\ncontact_last_name - Stapleton\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Software\ncontact_job_level - VP\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Email\nuser_name - Steve Cooperman\ncontact_job_title - Vice President, Sales\ncall_talk_time - 136 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_Epsilon_J_Stapleton_Email.mp3
