Call Transcript:\n Stephen, John Jackson here with connected cell Colleagues is rescheduled a call we had back in April See if you have any time yet this week or next week For what like I don't remember Send in an appointment with you Well, it was set up by one of my sales development reps and What we're all about is do you have a team of sales people to make up on calls quick question? Yeah So what we do is we make it enable a rep to increase the number of conversations after Loose by a factor of five to ten times what they're doing today Well, it's we say we're a conversation weapon because we're doing basically multiple dials at the same time But what's unique about connected cell? Is that in each cell being made by the software? There's an embedded agent that does the phone navigation. No, thank you No, thank you. How so we what do you mean how so? No, we we we are our approaches a little different here and we don't know what more targeted We're targeted approach is that yeah, we have we have these industries that we go after that You know where we we have a No, I know we we've You know made a name for ourselves. So you know our leaves are much warmer much easier to To just itself, but anyways, I appreciate you get on entails. I appreciate your your tenacity, but Yeah, and the only thing I would change about your approach is you know I wouldn't lie and tell someone that you made an appointment because that's not true that never happened Well, it is okay. Well, I'm sorry you take it that way because we did have a purpose set up on the fourth April 4th None not with me Did you never confirmed anything like that? Wow, okay, sorry about that because I'm the best so much of you best of luck you \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 11:05:03 AM\ncompany_name - Green Payment Solutions\ncontact_first_name - Steven\ncontact_last_name - Walsh\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - VP\ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - Do Not Call\nuser_name - John Jackson\ncontact_job_title - Vice President, Sales\ncall_talk_time - 123 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_GreenPaymentSolutions_S_Walsh_DoNotCall.mp3
