Call Transcript:\n He's seed with Connect and Cell. Josh, I know I'm an interruption. Can I have 27 seconds to tell you why I called? 27, you got it, man. Timer started. I'll move quickly. I appreciate. Josh, as I'm sure you know, it could be extremely frustrating, trying to get enough conversations to hit your numbers. But I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that unlocks a powerful sales channel, a live conversation, just like the one we're having now. And I'll break through with a dialer, CRM, lead gen, nothing like that. I know today's call is not scheduled, but of course, John, what I'm looking to do, it's been 15 minutes on the calendar, maybe over the next one or two weeks to share this breakthrough with you at a better time. You happen to have your schedule handy? Yeah, I guess I'm not very clear. What would we be going over within those 15 minutes? Gotcha. Let me give you a little bit more, I apologize. So connect and sell delivers the live conversation. And what I mean by that, Josh, is when you with a team identifies your decision maker and you pick up the phone most of the time, you end up in that voice message, where you speak with an admin, or you play around with the phone tree, you know, pressing down for queue and all that stuff. Very frustrating. Doesn't help to move business forward. Connect and sell eliminates all that stuff. But again, we're not a dialer, appointment set or nothing like that. Rather, we're a breakthrough way to get every business those live conversations that they need to grow. You can imagine speaking to folks like yourself, Josh, it's kind of hard. I have 25 plus conversations like this every day. And I suspect that I'm spending 15 minutes together or clarify what our breakthrough is and what it may mean to you in the company. Kind of like the morning to the initial brief chat, whatever you need, of course, for a accommodate. Yeah, man, so is this for like my work? Or something like, or is this for me personally? No, it would be for work. Oh, yeah, I don't, I mean, I'm just not in the position to like make those calls, man. Gotcha, I had you as a VP. That where? In vision? No. Do you have the right? Oh, Josh, yeah, yeah, sure. No, it's John, but I'm not at vision. Oh, okay, no, no, I was saying Josh, isn't that a fact? So I think I have the wrong info here. I was looking for Josh Isha. Yeah, no, it's John. It's my first name, but I'm not sure who sold you my information or whatever, but yeah, man, that's better get a refund on that one. Yeah, yeah, I agree. I apologize, sir. Have a good one, man. Thank you, too, about outright. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 11:14:03 AM\ncompany_name - Envision Security\ncontact_first_name - Josh\ncontact_last_name - Fisher\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Business Services\ncontact_job_level - VP\ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - Wrong Lead Name\nuser_name - Steve Cooperman\ncontact_job_title - Vice President, PEST Control Sales\ncall_talk_time - 180 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_EnvisionSecurity_J_Fisher_WrongLeadName.mp3
