Call Transcript:\n It takes 15 minutes. We know you're not the decision maker. And then, you know, if you think it's, you know, awesome, and you will, for sure, then we would just ask that you put in a good word. And that's it. Why don't I, why don't I do this? Because of my, my title, I do kind of lead sales, the sales team, but I'm not the lead of the sales team. There's a new person that has come on board in our, for our division. His name is Jeff. And last name is M-O-R-I-A-R-T-Y. Jeff Moore already. And his phone number is 440-462-2032. And he is the actual sales director. And if I were to do anything like this without including him, then, you know, you know the deal. So I would be stepping on his toes. So you can call him. You can tell him that, you know, we spoke. And I thought it looked pretty cool. And I think he would be the best place for you to start. Okay. I really appreciate that. Can you tell me how to spell Jeff? Is it J or G-E-O-F? Yes, just, yeah, just Jeff, J-E-F. Yes, yes. Okay. And M-O-R-I-A-R-T-Y. Exactly. More already. Okay. Very good. Well, thank you. I'll definitely tell him that I spoke with you. And I appreciate that. You have an awesome day. You too. Thanks for coming. And hopefully we'll get connected to self-port. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 1:04:09 PM\ncompany_name - Endeavor Business Media\ncontact_first_name - Stephen\ncontact_last_name - Lach\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Business Services\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Referral\nuser_name - Becky Benson\ncontact_job_title - Director, Business Development\ncall_talk_time - 323 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_EndeavorBusinessMedia_S_Lach_Referral.mp3
