Call Transcript:\n And that this was a, you know, so I would be my one question mark. But I'm going to bring this up with my fail GP. He historically has not liked services like this. But I said to work our time, I will call you back and you're welcome to some you need now. Well, here's the last part of that question that I started a couple of minutes ago. If we were to take 15 minutes, show you what we do. And you thought it was amazing. Would you be able to be an influencer and elevate it within the team? Just put in the words. No, I would want to spend the time unless I could already explain why it's valuable. So I don't need to 15 minutes. I, but I don't want to bother if my BP is just going to shoot down. Okay, so I don't need 15 minutes. It totally makes sense. Okay. Okay. So do you want me to send them over? 80 dials a day before. And so I know that there's a massive inefficiency and that's valuable. Right. So we're going to send those a lot of questions. Well, would you like me to send an email over and you can share it with your VG? Yeah, I think so. Okay. So can you tell me your email address? Ask. Last name. Yes. V-I-L-L-E-G-A-F. Uh-huh. At jmail.com. Okay. No, no, no. I have like speed systems.com. Good, because I don't really want to send it to a person. And that's the other one. And that is what I have, by the way. So I do have your correct email address. So I'll send that over and then I'll follow up. And thank you very much for your time. Have a wonderful day. Take care. Bye-bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 9:07:52 AM\ncompany_name - Lightspeed Systems\ncontact_first_name - Sergio\ncontact_last_name - Villegas\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Business Services\ncontact_job_level - Manager\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Email\nuser_name - Becky Benson\ncontact_job_title - Regional Sales Manager\ncall_talk_time - 296 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_LightspeedSystems_S_Villegas_Email.mp3
