Call Transcript:\n That's how you drive business. That's how you drive pipeline. You know, you have a lot of you talking and then it's actually, you know, I did email cadences like in sales loft. And I was calling cell phones because that's the most paying for my back. But I was even 70% of my market. I wasn't able to connect it because I knew back then I wasn't using connect and cell. But I was right. I was I was now I was like understanding that it doesn't pay me the navigate that's five hour an hour. Five hour an hour telephone work until we call us. So we we offload that we've we've optimized that whole workflow for you. So if you have a quality list that you know targets or you want to get more. More conversations going we help you do that. Okay. I'm not sure. Yeah. Might be going to be a question as we're giving you the list. Yeah. So we have you mentioned zoom though we have a partnership with the Memphis. We can't be offline that list because it come down to three things come down to lists, rep and message. And we have a better all the way through. So like my last roll I was making 120 dials. I was doing 400 mean notes a week and they're all structured and vacated. And you know that's the glorious thing to look at 24 spec cadence at the end of it though. You know I shouldn't be excited about getting a two three percent upload on email. You know right here I got an open rate my operates 24 cents it equates the pipeline. So this is actually so simple. It's right information of his transformation on how you look at growing pipeline which then you can. Yeah. All right. I'll just have a demo with the. We'll see we'll see. Yeah. We'll hear you out. Yeah. Let me get back to that. That's one thing I don't have. I think I found out. I don't have your new email. Some. Yeah. DeRoss. So my first initial D last name Roth ROTH. Is that utility rates analysts. I know that's a lot. But utility rates analysts with an F dot com. Okay. All right. I'll send you an email but then yeah let's work on something as far as I can. Something on the both that be awesome. Again it's only like a 20 30 net. And then. Yeah. It's super simple. We do a free test drive. You know where you actually kind of get to use it. Yeah. For the day and then like you know you get meetings you get commissions and you get follow up. And that's really what the value is in follow ups. That's those are warm conversations. So we do the hardest thing in sales. We turn cold conversations into warm conversation. So you know cold you know cold calling you to get past that first you know high money to Sean and then boom drop to the races. So cool. Let me email you and then I'll be in touch but I really appreciate the time. And best of luck and performance in. That's exciting time. So I'm ready to go. Yeah. So. Yeah. I'll email you right now. Yeah perfect. Bye bye. Appreciate it. All right. Thank you. Yeah. Bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 9:09:55 AM\ncompany_name - Utility Rates Analysts\ncontact_first_name - Daniel\ncontact_last_name - Roth\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Business Services\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Future Interest\nuser_name - Sean Holman\ncontact_job_title - Director, Business Development\ncall_talk_time - 389 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_UtilityRatesAnalysts_D_Roth_FutureInterest.mp3
