Call Transcript:\n Hello? Hey, Steve with us, Connect and Cell. Joshua, we spoke last week, last week, for Jimmy back in June. And I just had a note to follow up here this season. It made better sense now to put 15 minutes on the calendar. Maybe over the next one or two weeks. You know, I'm not really sure right now. It's probably tight, so I'm good. Can you reach that out in like a month or two? Can do that. Let me ask you this. If we're looking at a month kind of timeframe, you think it makes some sense maybe to put something on the calendar. I can get you out and invite Joshua. And if you need to tweak it or change it, certainly no big deal. I mean, 10 to 20 percent of my equipment. Yeah, that's right. Let me look at my boss and ask him first. Gotcha. To kind of avoid playing a little ping pong, again, no issue making the appointment. And again, if you have to add your boss, tweak, change, whatever. No big deal. I don't know. What do you think? Yeah, I think let's hold off, man. I don't think we're ready yet. All right. Fair enough. I appreciate you, Joshua. Have a good one. Thank you. All right. Thank you. You too. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 1:06:23 PM\ncompany_name - Brown Integrated Logistics, Inc.\ncontact_first_name - Joshua\ncontact_last_name - King\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - Disqualified\nuser_name - Steve Cooperman\ncontact_job_title - Director, Business Development\ncall_talk_time - 74 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_BrownIntegratedLogistics,Inc._J_King_Disqualified.mp3
