Call Transcript:\n Hello. Hey Adam. Me here with Connected Cell. How are you doing today? All right. Glad to hear that. Now I'm in a roughsion. Reaching back out back in March, we spoke about my company Connected Cell and actually set aside a few minutes, free to speak with one of my colleagues, Jim Abru. Not sure if my name or company rings a bell by chance. I was, yeah. Okay. I hope it's a real quick. We're just the breakthrough way of getting targeted conversations to take place with any clients or warm leads that you're looking to just speak with over the phone. So just making use of that more efficient and effective, you know, avoiding voicemails and really all that legwork it takes. Is that something you'd be open to? Would you want to put 15 minutes back on the calendar just to learn a little bit more? I don't think so. You know, we've got a pretty narrow scope of customers that we're dealing with and we've, you know, we've got contacts at most of the places we need. Probably fairly uncommon that we would need to find contact at a location. So I think it's probably not something we're going to have to do. All right. No problem. No problem just finding to be back out. Yeah. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 1:14:39 PM\ncompany_name - SRC of Lexington\ncontact_first_name - Adam\ncontact_last_name - Trebolo\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Brush-off\nuser_name - Nathan Merrill\ncontact_job_title - Director, Sales & Marketing\ncall_talk_time - 69 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_SRCofLexington_A_Trebolo_Brush-off.mp3
