Call Transcript:\n Hello. Hey Mario. Nihir was connected so how are you doing today? Who is it? Yeah my name is Nate. Reaching back out with my company connected so does my name or company ring a bell by chance? You know? Okay. Yeah so it looks like back in December actually last December I reached out to you and was looking for a few minutes to introduce my company connected so and we actually had a few minutes to decide but for whatever reason we just weren't able to make that conversation take place and I wanted to see if you were open to putting a few minutes back on the calendar. What is your company doing? Yeah so we're enabling teams to have more targeted conversations with their clients or any leads that they're looking to speak with over the phone so making the use of the phone systems much more efficient and effective. And like I said was just looking at a conversation around this and to see if it's something that you know compliments your strategy. I don't think that I will be interested. The thing is that we are just our company just a manufacturer of tries back and what we do with or like following the leads from our customers and how they want to design or manufacture that tries back. What we don't really sell or try to push the sales with you know to a cubic equipment or to our customers. Oh we don't need these kind of services. Got you got you okay. Yeah no worries no worries appreciate Mario. Thank you. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 12:23:43 PM\ncompany_name - Poly-America\ncontact_first_name - Mario\ncontact_last_name - Carriedo\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - VP\ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - No Referral\nuser_name - Nathan Merrill\ncontact_job_title - Vice President, International Sales\ncall_talk_time - 100 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_Poly-America_M_Carriedo_NoReferral.mp3
