Call Transcript:\n Hello? Hey, Nathan. This is Deppi. I'm calling from Connect and Cell. And I know I'm an interruption. Can I have 27 seconds to tell you why I call? Nathan, are you there? Great. Thank you. I appreciate it. So, you know, it can be very frustrating trying to get enough conversations to hit your numbers. But I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that unlocks a powerful sales channel. That is a live conversation like the one we're having right now. And this is not a dialogue. We're not a CRM. And we are not lead generation. It's nothing like that. So, Nathan, the reason for my call is to get 15 minutes on your calendar to share this breakthrough with you at a time that's more convenient for you. Do you happen to have your calendar handy? No, sorry. I don't have any power at 6.00. So, you would have to go higher up the work. So, we'll save you the time. Okay. Do you lead a sales team, Nathan? I lead a team of five accounts that it is. But I am so low on the chain that I have no budget, no authority. But if we just show you what we do, and it's pretty amazing because we can help your team have 10 times more conversations every single day than what they're currently having. If we show you that, you should reach out to Polby or Kyle. Did you say Paul? Colby or Kyle? Colby or Kyle. What is Colby's last name? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 10:44:15 AM\ncompany_name - 6Sense\ncontact_first_name - Mason\ncontact_last_name - Colombo\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Software\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Referral\nuser_name - Becky Benson\ncontact_job_title - Director of Enterprise Sales, West\ncall_talk_time - 104 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_6Sense_M_Colombo_Referral.mp3
