Call Transcript:\n Hello. Hey, Michael. This is a staff with Connect and Cell. How are you? I'm good. I'm good. Thanks so much for asking. And that's not my name. A company was well. We spoke back in June. I was trying to get a few minutes on the count that kind of share our breakthrough with you on Connect and Cell, which I'm using today to speak here and what I used back in June when I was first conversation. And he had actually the circle back closer to Q4, because it might be better timing on your end. And so I had a reminder to set up and see if maybe you had a few minutes over the next week or so for a brief chat. No strings attached. So give me a, any on what's the product? Yeah, so let me just give you a quick refresher. So we'll deliver live conversations on demand at a click of a button. And we're not an outsourcing company or anything like that. This is something that you can use to go out there and have 10 times the amount of conversations and getting in front of 10 times the amount of your market. And then you're having now that's again, I use it every single day. And I have about 25, 35 conversations just with the intended person that I'm looking to speak to by name entitled. So we eliminate gatekeepers, admins, navigating phone trees, ending up in voicemail over and over from the sales equation. So the team could just be more efficient, productive with their time. And that's why I kind of add amazement is when we really spoke. I just think you just had a lot going on and said, hey, give me a shout back. It would be better in a closer to Q4 instead of a reminder. Here we are again, another seamless conversation. So all my conversations like this because I use connect itself. And like I said, I promise it wouldn't be a waste of time if you had 50 minutes. You know, might spot something new way or you'd be way to go to market than what you currently doing for the future. So we don't really have a cold call process right now because we just don't have the team. You know, we just, right. There's team of us. So with exactly more of a reason, more of a re-entering conversation because a lot of companies will look at us start. We work with a lot of tons of startups and we have a handful of our clients who are in IT services and consulting industry. So, you know, that's the reason, you know, people will look into connect itself instead of going out there because we're a fraction of the course of human capital. You have one person that you put on connect and sell will go out and be able to, you know, get in front of 10 times more people that do in the work of, you know, 9 to 10 reps. So again, you know, that's why it's completely casual. I think setting 15 minutes together what we typically do. Michael is, we send you a zoom link so that we can share our screen on our right and kind of give you a little peek behind the curtain of what connect. So truly, it's a big space we're on patent on connect so and there's nothing out there. Quite like what we do on the market. And again, I promise it wouldn't be a way to see it that. Yeah, all right. I'm not sitting in front of my computer, but if you have any time Thursday morning next week, fire off me and invite. Appreciate it. I hope we got to work if not out. Yeah. Oh, the different times. Exactly. I was going to suggest that. So next Thursday's it's 12. You said the morning typically better for you or afternoon. Morning. Okay. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 12:42:15 PM\ncompany_name - StrongArm Technologies\ncontact_first_name - Michael\ncontact_last_name - Kyrilis\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Meeting Scheduled\nuser_name - Sal Guiliano\ncontact_job_title - Sr. Director, Sales\ncall_talk_time - 261 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_StrongArmTechnologies_M_Kyrilis_MeetingScheduled.mp3
