Call Transcript:\n Good morning. This is Crystal from Connect and Cell. How's it going Debbie? With this, this is Crystal from Connect and Cell. It's great to connect again. We spoke on February 1st. We mentioned to call you back now in October. So I appreciate the invitation to do so. And I see you notice time. So, thank you. Can you see me okay time? Well, I think at the time I had talked to, we were in going through a lot of transitions in flip side with a new system and a new building and all of that. And our new system has been delayed and it's not going live. I don't believe until early November. And we're moving our headquarters through a new building in about two weeks. So, everybody is all hands on deck right now with all of you. Yes. Oh, I'm done here, Professor Lee. Yes. So we're at. We're not even in our new system yet. So, probably not right now. No, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Department, our resources department operations, everybody is very busy. So. Right. No, I'm telling you. You all got a whole plate right now, especially with the move on top of it. So I can check back in in December. Would that be better, better, tell me? I would say I hope things have calmed down by then. Okay. All right. It's a bit more calm. Thank you so much Debbie. Thank you. Appreciate you. Bye. Bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 10:47:38 AM\ncompany_name - Flipside Products Inc\ncontact_first_name - Debbie\ncontact_last_name - Garvey\ncontact_country - \ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Future Interest\nuser_name - Krystal Lechner\ncontact_job_title - Vice President, Sales\ncall_talk_time - 124 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_FlipsideProductsInc_D_Garvey_FutureInterest.mp3
