Call Transcript:\n Hello. Hey, Donna. I sat on with Connected Cell. How are you doing today? Okay. That's good. Did we spoke back March 8th? Yes, me to send over some information. I know it's been a while since we last spoke. Yes, please. Forgive me. I don't recall. Sorry. I looked at the data. I looked at the data. Ooh. Yeah. So what we do, we enable companies and teams to get into more conversations by eliminating the phone waste. Wait, wait, say that again. So what we do, we enable companies and teams to get into more conversations by eliminating the phone waste, the gatekeepers, admin, voicemails, phone trees, and allow you to connect by name and title to your intended targets or even more of your market more effectively. Voltra Transparency, just looking for 15 minutes, have a casual conversation, kind of share on a brief Zoom. How we're able to do that in the next week or so. So this is my personal phone. I'm not sure how you got that, but. I'm not sure either. We have a research team that gets all the data. Oh, gosh. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I get that. Say again, what it's about. Yeah, so whenever using the phones run into a whole lot of inefficiencies, whether it be the gatekeepers, admins, having forbid the amount of voicemailage you get sent to, we eliminate that and allow you to connect by the name and title that you're looking to speak to. Or even more of your market more effectively. So kind of eliminating the frustration and the time stock it takes to get someone on the phone. Where we're just kind of delivering conversations that are officially clicking but. All right, Charlie again, name of the company. Yeah, absolutely. It is connect and AMD cell, SEL. I'm just pulling it up. Yeah, absolutely. And then I believe I sent you an email about it back March 8th. And to what email address. First name dot last name at EMS a. OK, OK, all right. So let me just see if I can fly. What would you, what would the email address be that it came from? It would be Adam dot willis w i l l i s at connect and sell dot dot. OK. All right, so you know what? This is interesting enough. So. Date date. Date is to be a real pain in the butt. Yeah, yeah, absolutely, absolutely. So all right, so. What did you want to do set up a teams meeting? We typically do zoom. Oh. Do you have access to zoom? I don't even think I have a zoom on. We do everything on teams. I don't even know if I have a zoom on this computer. I think that ridiculous. You you would think that everything has everything these days, but it doesn't. I don't even think we have teams. We do zoom and we can send you a zoom link and kind of. Yeah, you send me everything. OK, that's that. Send me everything. Let's talk about a date and time. All right. I'm Mike or D.R.S.U. for next week. Let me just put today's Wednesday. No, well, you know what? Friday wouldn't be bad. OK, Friday, maybe around. Sometime in the early afternoon. Are you what what times in are you in? I'm Eastern. OK. OK. You said early afternoon. Do you shoot for like 12 30? Is that too early for you? Well, how about 12 o'clock? We can do 12. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 8:59:00 AM\ncompany_name - EMSAR\ncontact_first_name - Donna\ncontact_last_name - Defilippis\ncontact_country - \ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Meeting Scheduled\nuser_name - Adam Willis\ncontact_job_title - Regional Sales Manager\ncall_talk_time - 369 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_EMSAR_D_Defilippis_MeetingScheduled.mp3
