Call Transcript:\n Hey, this is Patrick from Connect and Cell. How is it going? Hello? You jerk, you going to be OK? Oh yeah, I can hear you now. Hey, we, uh, this is Patrick from Connect and Cell. We, uh, look at what I mean with you a few months ago. I think we missed you for some reason. Uh, no big deal. Just, uh, wanted to see if we could re-schedule that in the next couple weeks. And I'm sorry, Patrick, give me a real brief in terms of, uh, what the business model is that you're talking about. Yeah, absolutely. So, Connect and Cell is a breakthrough in having conversations on the phone. When you use a phone, you run into a guardian's gatekeeper's phone tree, you know, 10 minutes to get to a voice mail. We, uh, we deliver live conversations with your intended targets on demand. So, we help you get, get connected to the people you want to talk to you without, without allowing the phone to be a, you know, a tremendous source of, of waste and inefficiency. Oh, no, man. I'm good. I'm good. I can handle all of my phone conversations. I don't need your open memory card. Okay, there's something changed between, uh, when we've scheduled that meeting in an hour. Uh, I, I think, I guess I didn't really grasp it. You were trying to sell. So, your acting as an intermediary between me and my clients, as if I'm incompetent to communicate with them directly. And, uh, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's not what we did. I'm hands on. I'm hands on. So, that's, that's absolutely not what we did. We're not, we're not talking, you know, acting as an intermediary. We're not like, you know, secretaries or booking meetings or anything. We get you connected to your clients. And of course, I don't think you're incompetent. Okay. You don't probably understand the business model I'm working on. I'm in the solar industry. I get leads from our agents in the Costco and Home Depot stores. And I also do door knocking and I do tell a marketing. Sure. So, um, I don't see how you helped my business model at all. So we, we, like I said, we don't change the way you sell, but we get you connected to, to the people when you're using this phone, you know, when you use the phone, you run into a massive amount of like, of inefficiency, secretaries, voicemail, things like that. You know, you can spend all day on the phone and talk to maybe eight people on a good day. We, we deliver live conversations with your intended targets to you so that you can do, you know, whatever sales tactic you feel is best. Uh, but we get you connected to those people on demand at the rate of about every five to seven minutes. So you're not, not waiting around when you're using the phone. Yeah. And I listen, give me a favor call, call me after the first of the year because right now I'm on a medical disability leave. I've got to have my right hip replaced. Good. I've got cataract surgery in my right eye. And, um, you know, it's, it's not an opportunity under any circumstance to be engaging in a new relationship right now because you or me. Yeah, absolutely. I'll give you a call and say anyway. No problem. I appreciate your time. Thank you. Thanks. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 11:45:45 AM\ncompany_name - Robinson Pharma, Inc.\ncontact_first_name - Gerard\ncontact_last_name - McCann\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - VP\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Future Interest\nuser_name - Patrick Smith\ncontact_job_title - Vice President, National of Sales\ncall_talk_time - 200 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_RobinsonPharma,Inc._G_McCann_FutureInterest.mp3
