Call Transcript:\n you I'm doing well. Good. Glad to hear that. I know I'm an interruption. I was hoping to grab 27 seconds. If I caught you at a decent time. Sure. Awesome. I appreciate it. So, let's just reaching out. Because we know how frustrating it is for sales leaders to get engaged and get on the phone with their target audience. Most of the time it ends up just leaving voice mails or not actually having a live conversation. And the reason I was reaching out is because I believe we've discovered a breakthrough here at Connect and Cell that eliminates all the legwork, the voice mails gatekeepers. Really just enabling teams to have more access to their target audience and more conversations in their daily schedule. And so I wanted to see if you'd have a 10 or 15 minute window on the calendar. Just have a conversation around this breakthrough and kind of see if it's something that complements your strategy. Unfortunately, I unfortunately don't. And I actually don't know if I'm the right person for you to be, to connect with you on this either. Oh, gotcha. Okay. Just not like using the phone so much or not heavily in the outbound sales room. Yes, both. Yeah, both. So, yeah. That makes it relevant or irrelevant. Okay. You're probably an important problem. I just, you're definitely solving an important problem. And I just think that I might not be the best person that can make use of it. Right. Right. Yeah. So, would you, that was my next question. Would you have any breadcrumbs or kind of a direction for the folks that typically do evaluate these sort of things or? Yeah, for the VRMRSDR team would be with 10 Sullivan. Okay. Perfect. Perfect. Yeah, and SDR team. So that sounds like they're, they're pretty active on the outbound setting. I would assume. Exactly. Okay. Perfect. Perfect. And like I would keep you at the place to start. Alright, I'll see if I can get Tim on the phone. Really appreciate it. Susanna, no, you have a, no problem. Have a great Wednesday afternoon. Thanks so much. You too. Thank you. I, of course, bye bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 1:19:25 PM\ncompany_name - Recorded Future\ncontact_first_name - Suzannah\ncontact_last_name - Cooke\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Software\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Referral\nuser_name - Nathan Merrill\ncontact_job_title - Director, Enterprise Sales (East)\ncall_talk_time - 140 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_RecordedFuture_S_Cooke_Referral.mp3
