Call Transcript:\n Hello. Hi, Laura. It's John Haillen with Connecting. So we had talked way back in March. You were evaluating some tools, I think, for outbound calling, prospecting type stuff, and suggested I give you a call back. In the fall, I don't know if any of that rings a bell. Yeah, but I determined I don't need anything at this time, so thanks for calling. Do you have reps who are doing outbound calling, prospecting that's got a bar of sweet spots? We have that system's inhales now. No, that's fine. I mean, the way our platform works is your sales reps would use Connecting, sell the beauty of it is they usually talk to somebody on their call list about every four or five, six minutes versus if you take an hour or more, you're going to be able to phone down in January that's where they get somebody on their call list on the phone. That's kind of what makes this unique. We have efficiency and velocity to the back end. So we take the way to painful part of outbound calling and deliver the conversations to your reps fast as they can spend more time selling, less time paying phone operator. Yeah, well thanks for that. I think we're good to go, but good luck team. Okay, thanks. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 10:40:30 AM\ncompany_name - Alchemy Systems LP\ncontact_first_name - Laura\ncontact_last_name - Nelson\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - VP\ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - Disqualified\nuser_name - John Allen02\ncontact_job_title - Global Vice President, Food Safety & Alliances\ncall_talk_time - 80 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_AlchemySystemsLP_L_Nelson_Disqualified.mp3
