Call Transcript:\n Hello, Dan McGervor. Hey, this is Sal with Connect and Cell. And Donald, I know a minute derogation. Can I have 27 seconds to tell you, Michael? If you're trying to sell me something, please know it in this number. Thank you. Yeah, just a conversation, Dad. I promise I won't sell you anything. So maybe you can relate to it in your role. I just wanted to meet the company. Yeah, I know. I'm fine. Thank you. Please take me on this. 30 seconds. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Seconds for me. Just to explain the reason. For the focal. Okay, carry on. Appreciate it. I'll be real brief. I know you're a busy guy. But as you may know, it could be something you've frustrating trying to get enough conversations for your team to hit their overall numbers. But I believe we discovered a breakthrough here at Connect and Cell that unlocks a powerful sales channel, which is that live conversation, just like the one we're having now. And it's not a dialer or any kind of a data provider or a lead gen. And that was the reason for my phone call today. It was really good a few minutes on the calendar to kind of share that breakthrough with you casually. Do you have some time? May the network benefit for a brief check? Maybe the next week or two? Yeah, you have to keep calling the wrong guy. Oh, okay. Yeah, I do want to benefit to do with it anymore. God, I know. Okay. I just trying to save you some time. I appreciate it. I hope the right you can come to the side by the calls that you should take me off your number because I'm retired. Oh, that probably was. That's probably why they still have you. You probably still showing that you still working with the afferent PLP on LinkedIn. That's why my marketing team. That's why why it's not updated. It's not updated that you retire. I'll update that a buy-in. I appreciate you taking the phone call. I wish you all the best, Donald. Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. Bye-bye now. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 6:39:40 AM\ncompany_name - Amino Communications\ncontact_first_name - Donald\ncontact_last_name - Mcgarva\ncontact_country - United Kingdom\ncontact_job_industry - Business Services\ncontact_job_level - C-Level\ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - Disqualified\nuser_name - Sal Guiliano\ncontact_job_title - Chief Executive Officer\ncall_talk_time - 117 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_AminoCommunications_D_Mcgarva_Disqualified.mp3
