Call Transcript:\n Hello, this is Tom. Hey, this is Matt over at Connected Files going Tom. Good, where are you from? I'm with Connected Cell and hey, I know I'm in a rough area. Can I get 27 seconds? I'll tell you why called. Sure. I appreciate it. So we've solved the problem that every scale team I've ever been involved with has. When I pick up the phone, I'm never talking to people. It's so hard to get into conversations similar to one we're having right now. A rep typically spend an hour, hour and half, two hours of grinding to get a conversation connected to cell will deliver that conversation to your reps in two, three, four minutes. I just hit go. You're on my list. You picked up. I'm going to conversation with you. And it's solved a major problem in this way. My reps are talking to 40, 50, 60 decision makers every single day. So my goal is to get 15 minutes with you to share the solution with you. Do you have some time next week? Do you have your calendar available? It's interesting. So we're a pretty small organization. Sure. And you know, I'm just going to let's you know, we have more right. But I'm sort of struggling to keep up with what we've got right now, but you come growing pretty rapidly. Yeah. And I just for our our CFO is the C. So I like I guarantee you would be a challenge for us to pay. So this I just just what's the model? Yeah. So what I would say is for the guy that you know doesn't love to spend a lot of money and technology. What we do we're we're a head count replacement play right. So like one of my reps I could show you in a in a quick meeting. Like my reps they're doing the work of 10 to 15 reps every single day by what conversations. So literally you say, hey, we don't need to hire more reps to get more coverage. We asked him reduce head count in that way for a fraction of the cost. Right. So it's seat model base. And we've got different modes. We can run in that kind of stuff. But I think that the key is there's incredible value in ROI by saying hey, we can get to our market much faster. I have more conversations with the right people to figure out where the rat get the right timing and then get our products in front of them. Right. So and even this the time is not right now. I think they work your while to at least see. Hey, what are they doing? And when the time is right, you'll know, you know, where to extend the conversation. So. Yeah, I'm curious. Right. I just want to let's I'm in sales. So I want to, you know, set the right expectations that I don't think we're a good prospect. Like we don't have a this huge fail team. And you know, we're not looking to hire this huge fail team. So this notion of saving money with technology really apply. So our business, but but I'm intrigued and happy to take, you know, 15 minutes. You know, what sure. Yeah. What's good for you next week? Let's let's set some time aside. And we'll jump on. There are no expectations. I'll show you what we do. I think if you guys believe in conversations, driving your business. If you have any reps, use the phone or whatever, I think there could be an incredible fit for you guys. So what's what's a good day next week? Probably Wednesday, the 11th. Okay. Oh, good morning. Okay. Are you Eastern time or what time zone you in Eastern? \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 8:00:41 AM\ncompany_name - Orbita\ncontact_first_name - Tom\ncontact_last_name - Acquaviva\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Software\ncontact_job_level - C-Level\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Meeting Scheduled\nuser_name - Matt Mickey\ncontact_job_title - Chief Revenue Officer\ncall_talk_time - 248 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_Orbita_T_Acquaviva_MeetingScheduled.mp3
