Call Transcript:\n Hello? Hey, this is Mad Over at Connect and Fail. How's it going today, John? Well, how are you? I'm doing well. Thank you. Listen, I know I'm in an eruption here. Could I get 27 seconds and I'll tell you why I was dealt? Sure. I appreciate it. So John, the worst part of every sales rep's day is picking up phone and trying to get a conversation with somebody at decision maker they want to talk to. And usually takes an hour to two just to get one conversation. My company has discovered a breakthrough way of delivering a conversation similar to the one we're having right now. I literally just hit go, connect to self-found. You picked up a phone we're available to call a drop in me on the first voice you hear. I was hoping I could get maybe 15 minutes with you next week that I could share our solution with you. And show you how it might be able to impact you guys. You happen to have your calendar available? It sounds interesting. Of course, I don't have much say in terms of the tools that we purchase as an organization. We're a pretty large company. I certainly appreciate the outreach. Feel free to send me some information I can forward it along to some of the folks that take care of the technology tools that we buy. But I think that's waste your time. No, no, I totally get it. I've been doing it all the time. I know you have as well. You're listed as a VP of sales. So that means you are you leading the sales team? I'm leading one. We have many here at CrossStrike. But I do lead one of our sales teams. I appreciate the one-out. Can I ask one more question from you? As you know, sometimes just having somebody take a look, see if there's value. And then say, hey, up above, say, hey, look, I took a look at this. This looks really interesting as far as our driving pipeline. We're starting to hit our numbers. That kind of stuff. I'm seeing what they're doing. Would you be interested in just 15 minutes to put your eyes on it and make sure that you're able to do it? And make a recommendation if you'd like what you see. Sure. Okay. Perfect. All right. I would like to have a comment. Yeah. Yeah. We'll just pull it up. I'm going to let it know. Let's see. How about Tuesday between one and three P&E streams? Tuesday between 10 between one and three Eastern. I do 130 or two o'clock. Any preference there? Wednesday, 130, 15 minutes, 130 to 145. Yeah. So what I'll do is if it took, yeah, I'm going to shoot you over and invite. What's the best email address I sent that to? JT.Forez at cloudstrike.com. Yeah. We work with you guys over at the decision link. Did you use decision links? Value platform over there. I don't know how. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think we believe we do. I know the tool you're referring to. I think it is decision link that's the vendor. Yeah. Yeah. I think they changed names. I got sold off and stuff. I moved over a couple of years ago. But yeah. Interesting. You guys were a big use case for them. No, that's cool. I'm sure. Look, I know your business stuff. I'll make sure about your time. If it's okay, I'll only take 15 minutes. Sometimes our question of stuff is, okay, I have to know for a half hour. And I'll be done in 15 minutes and let's share questions. That's all good. Sure. Okay. Perfect. All right. Thanks so much for your time. I appreciate it. And I'll look forward to connecting next week. All right. Sounds good. Thank you. All right. Take care. Bye-bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 12:48:47 PM\ncompany_name - Diligent\ncontact_first_name - John\ncontact_last_name - Flores\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Software\ncontact_job_level - VP\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Meeting Scheduled\nuser_name - Matt Mickey\ncontact_job_title - Vice President, Sales\ncall_talk_time - 232 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_Diligent_J_Flores_MeetingScheduled.mp3
