Call Transcript:\n Hi, this is Becky. I'm calling from Connect and Cell and I know I'm an interruption. Can I have 27 seconds to tell you why I called? Sorry, I didn't understand who you are. Yeah, my name is Becky and I'm calling from Connect and Cell. Are you familiar with us at all? No, I don't know. Okay, well I will be very, very brief, I promise. So you know, it can be really frustrating trying to get enough conversations to hit your numbers, but I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that unlocks a powerful sales channel. That is a live conversation like the one we're having right now. And this is not a dialogue, we're not a CRM and we are not lead generation. It's nothing like that. So the reason for my call is to get 15 minutes on your calendar to share this breakthrough with you at a time that's more convenient for you. Do you happen to have your calendar handing? To be honest, I'm not even sales, I'm not very interested by what you have to propose. It's a very kind of user-proposive, but it's not something of interest to me. Okay, I thought you're not in sales at all. No. Do you lead any kind of a team that makes phone calls like maybe customer success or account managers? Absolutely not. Okay. Your database did not get it right. Okay. Well, we're not perfect. Plus, that's not what we do. We're not lead generation. So, you know, we count on them. I'm just telling you that this is not something of use to me. Can you tell me who else would be the right person for me to reach out to that maybe does lead a sales team? To be honest, it goes via, you know, I work for a holding company. It works via each of the operating companies. So, I wouldn't know. Okay. All right. Well, you have to. Sorry about that. No, I appreciate your time. Thank you very much. Have a good day. No worries. Bye-bye. Bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 6:52:08 AM\ncompany_name - Vodafone Group\ncontact_first_name - Philippe\ncontact_last_name - Vogeleer\ncontact_country - United Kingdom\ncontact_job_industry - Telecommunications\ncontact_job_level - VP\ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - No Referral\nuser_name - Becky Benson\ncontact_job_title - Global Head of Business Development\ncall_talk_time - 126 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_VodafoneGroup_P_Vogeleer_NoReferral.mp3
