Call Transcript:\n Hello, this is Val Jacobs. Yeah, Albert, it's Adam with Connect and Cell. How are you doing today? I'm sorry, with who? I'm sorry with Connect and Cell. Albert, I know I'm an interruption today. Can I have you a second to tell you why I called? Yeah, make it quick. I thought this was a call I was expecting. I appreciate it. So I'm reaching out today because I know how extremely frustrating it is trying to get enough conversations that hit your numbers. But I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that unlocks a powerful sales channel on live conversations. No different than the one that we're having now. And it's not a dialer, data provider, training, or even lead chin. That's the reason for the call today is to get 15 minutes on your calendar. Share more of the breakthrough with you at a more convenient time. Do you have an header calendar available? Yeah, and what's what's you guys do? Yeah, so whenever using the phones run into a whole lot of inefficiencies, whether it be gatekeepers, admins, voicemails, phone trees, a whole lot of time stock and frustrations to get someone on the phone. We eliminate all that waste and allow you to connect by name and title to your intended targets or even more of your markets more effectively. Kind of driving that heat a little faster with a little faster and be in more efficient. Okay. Yeah, I'll have to look at when we can talk another time. And obviously this would be something that I would put in front of marketing. They would need to make the decision on that that would come out of their budget. Okay. Okay. Could you possibly be an influencer if you had to share it and you found the value? Possibly for the SBR. Hey, sorry. If they're coming in, hey, say you are I'll call you back on Friday. How about that? Okay. Sounds good. Perfect. Appreciate it. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 10:31:17 AM\ncompany_name - JAGGAER\ncontact_first_name - Albert\ncontact_last_name - Jacobs\ncontact_country - \ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Future Interest\nuser_name - Adam Willis\ncontact_job_title - Business Development Director\ncall_talk_time - 127 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_JAGGAER_A_Jacobs_FutureInterest.mp3
