Call Transcript:\n Hey Daniel, it's Sean with Connect and Cell. How are you doing? Good sir. I'm doing well. Thank you. I know I'm in interruptions, so I'll be 27 seconds of your day if you guys could get to play why I call. Is that okay? You're with who? Connect and Cell. We understand it's super difficult to get quality conversations and connections and business. These days, so we feel that we've discovered and we've developed a kind of an overlooked sales channel of you, a live conversations. Right? I was like, like, the moment we're having right now, I actually used our technology to connect with you this morning. I'm just looking for 15, 20 minutes. I can schedule for this and I can showcase how we do and what we do and learn if it's a fit for you. And what is it like an appointment setting schedule or is appointment setting service? Well, no, I would like to set a meeting with you, but it's more of a calling service if you will. So we get conversations, real conversations better than anyone else on the market, about five minutes to tonight's what you currently do today. So you got an automated, automated dialer type of service? We're not a dialer, not a CRM, not a data provider. It's just a cool way of doing it that can be faster, cheaper than anything that you're probably going to see. The endgame, but the end goal is you're getting live people on the phone for me, is the sales person. Exactly. Are you team? They both. Okay. Yeah. I'm going to say at this point in time, that's not something I'm interested in. I'm not the decision maker on that anyways. It's only four months into this role at this new company and we got a couple other marketing initiatives, zoom into other costs that we're looking at. And my, I do a combination. I do mostly email and other types. So I don't do as much of the phone solicitation just because of my, I've been doing this for 13 years and obviously it's filled the best way of conveying your message in a clear, the face way. But you know, with people getting rid of their phones or having gatekeepers and this and that and the number of energy people, how many people I've just, I don't prefer that method. So you can hold onto my information and actually do you have my email? You can send me some information at some point. Maybe I'll have my manager or the owner of the company and we could sit down and just see what you're doing because that might be a fifth of somebody else. It's not going to be a fit for me as a sales person. I understand. You just kind of like hit a few, few bells and flags for me. I described how you go about having your business. Yeah, I don't dial anymore. I've done this for 20 years. That I've done sales for over 20 years and so I come back to the audience. I've been familiar with this company that I've just joined as well. So congratulations. Yeah. And you know, I got four meetings on my test drive on my POC. So having lots of conversations is actually I've done what I think you're doing at emails and paydances and you know, we don't, we help you. We actually we offload that whole workflow for you as far as like navigating gatekeepers. We give them live for you. I don't make a call. I sit on a bridge and you popped over today this morning. That's how I do it. I find so it's like, you know, we've got you got the ERs, got SDRs. They're getting 30, 40 conversations a day. That's how you drive business. That's how you drive pipeline. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 9:09:55 AM\ncompany_name - Utility Rates Analysts\ncontact_first_name - Daniel\ncontact_last_name - Roth\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Business Services\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Future Interest\nuser_name - Sean Holman\ncontact_job_title - Director, Business Development\ncall_talk_time - 389 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_UtilityRatesAnalysts_D_Roth_FutureInterest.mp3
