Call Transcript:\n Steve, hey there Andrew, Steve with CONNECT INSELF. I know, I'm an interruption. Could I have 27 seconds to tell you what I call? Sure. Excellent, sir. I promise I'll be brief here. Andrew, as I'm sure you know, it could be extremely frustrating trying to get enough conversations to hit your numbers. But I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that unlocks a powerful sales channel for life conversation, just like the one we're having now. And our breakthrough is in a dialer, CRM, lead jam, nothing like that. I know today's call, of course, is not scheduled, Andrew, what I am looking to do, is put 15 minutes on the calendar, maybe over the next one is two weeks so we could share this breakthrough with you at a better time. You happen to have your schedule handy? I appreciate the call, but we have this business development team that helps us on this side of things. So I appreciate the call. Is it an interest? But we'll pass. Is it an internal team, Andrew, or external? Yeah, internal team. And we do have a third party that helps us with some reaches-well and stuff. But, God, no, it's the adults. Firstly, driven. That's excellent input, as a matter of fact. Connectance cell doesn't change anything that you're actually doing. What we do is we deliver the live conversation. So what I mean by that is, when you're a RPR team or whoever you think might benefit from Connectance valve uses it, it delivers the live conversation, right? Basic most of the most part, when you pick up the phone, you end up in that voice message that nobody returns, right? Extremely frustrating. Certainly doesn't help to move business forward. Connectance cells solve their problem, but we're not as dialer appointments that are outsourcing, Legion, nothing like that. Rather, we're breaking the way to get every business those live conversations they need to grow. Speaking with execs like yourself as you might guess, Andrew, it's really hard, right? I have 25 plus conversations like this every day, and I suspect that I'm spending 15 minutes together or clarify what our breakthrough is and what it may mean to you in the company. Kind of like the morning to the initial brief chat, whatever you need, of course, will accommodate. Yeah, like I said, I think we'll pass for now. We're focused on finishing out the year in the quarter years, but I appreciate the call and wish you all the best in your outreach. Have a great day, sir. I appreciate it. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 12:46:01 PM\ncompany_name - BioSkryb\ncontact_first_name - Andrew\ncontact_last_name - Rohs\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Business Services\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Brush-off\nuser_name - Steve Cooperman\ncontact_job_title - Senior Director, Sales (North America)\ncall_talk_time - 151 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_BioSkryb_A_Rohs_Brush-off.mp3
