Call Transcript:\n Thank you. Good job, Megan, I hope you. Good morning. Hello, from next week. Hello, I'm Ellen Donovan. Hello. Hello, Donovan. Can you hear me okay? A little bit. Who am I speaking with? Oh, yes. I'm glad to hear you doing good as well. I'm Crystal and from Connection Cell. We spoke on February 1st and I state you note at that time you have to be to call you back in October. So here we are. I'm so sorry. Where are you calling from? I'm calling from Connection Cell. Is that somewhat ringable because we spoke back in February. I'm so sorry. On a piece note. There's a lot going on here. But how can I help you? I appreciate it. I understand. I know you get a lot of calls in a while. So you actually call you back in October. It was a really busy invitation to do so. I raised you back out to you to schedule a few minutes, plan your calendar. If there are plans for expansion of growth for a new market for 2024. You were interested, but it's just of course timing, Dr. Söber was exactly right. I'll be honest with you, we are growing too fast at this point. There's a lot going on and we're growing at rapid speed. Right now, I don't think I'm interested at the moment. There's just way too much going on at this point. Are you having conversations with people on the phone? Part of your growth strategy? When I'm having conversations with people all over the country. There's a lot going on. We have customers everywhere. And honestly, it's tough to keep up with. We're doing a lot right now. I have to take this call. I'm so sorry. I don't mean to do this to you, but I really need to hang up. I'm sorry. I really need to grab this call. Okay. I'll check in in a couple of days and then we'll talk to you soon. We're going a little more. Thank you to my side. Bye-bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 9:58:47 AM\ncompany_name - White Plains Linen\ncontact_first_name - Jonathan\ncontact_last_name - Nunez\ncontact_country - \ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Busy\nuser_name - Krystal Lechner\ncontact_job_title - Director, Sales\ncall_talk_time - 118 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_WhitePlainsLinen_J_Nunez_Busy.mp3
