Call Transcript:\n Hello. Hey Joel. Nate here with Connect and Cell. How are you doing today? I'm sorry, who's this? My name is Nate. I'm reaching out with my company Connect and Cell. Did I catch you at a decent time? Was hoping for 27 seconds to introduce the company. No, no. Go ahead, tell me the picture that I don't like receiving calls on my company's phone. Is this related to our business or what it is related to? It is. Yeah, and I apologize. I apologize to you all. The reason I was reaching out again with my company Connect and Cell was because I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that lets sales leaders who know that picking up the phone is an effective method for advancing key relationships. Really just give their team a way that delivers those targeted conversations effortlessly. Completely eliminating that excuse that they can't get anyone on the phone to build pipeline. So I was hoping to find pattern 15 minutes just to have a conversation around the breakthrough. Why would you be calling me just? I don't really run sales. My strategic markets are more around sales ads than anything else. It's driven by what I went in. How did you get in touch with Nate? There's a research team which provides me with leads. My job is to reach out to them. It looks like we got your lead from LinkedIn Sales Navigator. But I was reaching out so we're not like a third party. This would actually be something for that for kind of a sales operator. Here's what I'm going to do. Send me an email about the Connect and Cell. Okay. I'm in the production through I get it. I understand what you're saying. If it's something that some of the marketing leaders want to put together, I'll answer this. Okay. Okay. Sounds great. Sounds good. Yeah. My email is Jay Perez. Jay Perez at sterecycle.com. Beautiful. Beautiful. All right. Really appreciate it, Joe. I'll shoot this over here in a few minutes. Bye-bye. Goodbye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 11:37:54 AM\ncompany_name - Stericycle\ncontact_first_name - Joel\ncontact_last_name - Perez\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Energy, Utilities & Waste\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Email\nuser_name - Nathan Merrill\ncontact_job_title - Regional Sales Director\ncall_talk_time - 123 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_Stericycle_J_Perez_Email.mp3
