Call Transcript:\n This is Dave. Hey, David. Alex with Connect and Cell again here. How's it going? It's going well. Connect and Cell. Connect and Cell. Yes, you got it. It's been some time since I reached out to you. Did you have a brief half minute here to permit a job field memory? Sure. As far as I was preaching, I got appreciate that. So it looks like all the way back in September. Last year I had reached out to you and we had set aside 15 minutes for you to meet with one of my colleagues, John T. To go over some details on the company. We're a breakthrough way of having conversations like this over the phone. Empowering reps like myself to get into up to a week's worth of fails conversations in a single day. Be so true. So that's what we're going to unpack more with you on, share with you how we've made that possible. So it's been some time right, which is the reason for getting back in touch. A lot has changed on our end. I'm sure that goes both ways. So we wanted to see if you'd be open to reconnecting over a 15 minute call. Most importantly, just to kind of keep that connection alive. So what if you create a conversation? Yeah. I'm pretty sure I made 20 years before. But so basically, at least that our company I'm working with right now, we have a team of inside failed people back. And you're right, the last few months it went from 45 to 65. That's all they do. They're combing through data. They're combing through lead generations. They're creating their own lead generations. So I mean, in vain, I mean, they'll put up about 200 to 250 appointments for our team every week. So I don't know how to incorporate even if I wanted to. So yeah. Yeah, no sure thing. I appreciate the transparency. I know at the end of the day, we're just looking to have a conversation to make sure that you have the info in your back pocket. And case things change as they frequently do. But you know, at the end of the day where we fit in there just to give you a little bit is we just help open up those communication channels. Helping the team get into conversations with hard-reached decision makers. A little bit more easily and efficiently. So I mean, as I can see, I don't like it this way. If I could, I would outsource what we do and I would do the same thing you guys are doing. I mean, I've got my point like we and we've already invested. I mean, we literally invest over $3 million into our own inside infrastructure, whether it be generation salaries, bonuses, all kinds of incentive plans for these guys. A few of them have some I would call hack accounts for there literally. You know, there's one guy I'm not kidding you. If I want to be noted, capturing the stuff, I'm not going to mention my yet for me. So it's kind of one of those weird things where we honestly I feel like we probably have I just wouldn't win one or less anyway. It's time like that. I mean, it and knowing what I know about the CEO like, I mean, I can't tell you how many times somebody will come up from time to time. Like even zoom in, but you don't need it. You know, like, yeah, I'm just telling me that we have to see that we have. So I've been to this bottle of this stuff. So I just don't need to say it. I just don't see it ever changing right now. Yeah, I mean, no worries is I mean, it's the type of thing though. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 10:11:04 AM\ncompany_name - Cogent Analytics LLC\ncontact_first_name - David\ncontact_last_name - Zavaleta\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Future Interest\nuser_name - Alex Rodgers\ncontact_job_title - Director of Sales & Business Development\ncall_talk_time - 498 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_CogentAnalyticsLLC_D_Zavaleta_FutureInterest.mp3
