Call Transcript:\n Hey Bill, it's Sean with Connect and Cell. How are you doing? Pretty good. You're so I'm doing well. Thanks. Yeah, I know Connect and so and I know I'm in the interruption. I'll be 27 seconds in your day I got a laugh. That's good. Hey, so my company Connect and Cell we understand it's really difficult to To get quality conversations to drive business, right? Take your sales your metrics your quotas So we've discovered and developed just a D sales channel that's awesome overlooked. It's live conversations So kind of like the one we're having right now. I found you know I use our technology to find and connect with you I'm just looking for 15 minutes to show face that I'm meeting with you and showcase what we do how we do it and Learn there's a fit for what you're doing Well Myself team usually is picking up the phone and calling people so we do make those those connections ourselves Yeah, we do it. We do it. I'm the pilot and cynics Better faster more efficient We basically give you a we turn your weapon to eight reps So you're gonna accelerate your pipeline growth that way If you're open to these technologies, I've been sales for over 20 years until it's on Valley You know, I got four meetings and two hours when I when I first used this And it was with a different company. So And it's all about conversations and developing rapport and really turning cold calls into warm conversations So where do you find the leads after? We do partner with zoom info that's something you do bring to the table your your The market that you want to go after a few already have a list. We help you refine it It does come down to three things right the quality of list the quality of rep And then also the quality of your message. So we we help you kind of How many reps do you have because our model set up to AB test? It's great without these two because you could you could see what's working. I've got I've got eight direct reports on on RSFs About the territories Uh, yeah, what you know, we had uh You know, we have inside those reps here. I mean one guy had 44 conversation yesterday That was pretty powerful because those that you can't the numbers don't lie right they just translate over into meetings And then those meetings translate into you know, opportunity I mean the challenges were we're dealing with capital equipment and That's something that You know Person has to have a project that they need a piece of capital equipment on and is very specialized And I I'm not certain how you would Find it is not just find it a name and call somebody um That's not gonna work There's got to be a specific need for it. That's why we tend to do targeted advertising. We tend to do LinkedIn ads Um, you know, trade shows of course Um, you know, and just uh work in the database is working Working the past leads and things like that so Um, I mean are they calling again stuck in phone trees and admins and trying to get to the person they want to talk to Not for the most part. You know, if you're talking about our guys, you know, we have uh We drive the people to the website. We drive the people to reach out to us Um, that's the best way of doing it that way. We've got direct phone numbers and we can you know get directly in with them And we know there's a need Yeah, you know, it's it's not something that somebody wakes up in the morning and thinks oh, you know You can convince me or buy a million dollar system from you You know, you've got to find in those people is is not It's not a smiling dial type technique. It's It's Fined in those applications and that's That's the struggle. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 9:27:14 AM\ncompany_name - Coherent\ncontact_first_name - Bill\ncontact_last_name - Holtkamp\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Information Technology & Services\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Future Interest\nuser_name - Sean Holman\ncontact_job_title - Director, Sales\ncall_talk_time - 444 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_Coherent_B_Holtkamp_FutureInterest.mp3
