Call Transcript:\n This is Sherry. Hey Sherry, this is a Sal with Connect and Cell. How are you? Good. Good. Good. I was just reaching out to you. I'll be real brief. I was calling to see if you might be able to re-engage with the end schedule of brief call. Does the company connect and sell? Bring any bells by any chance? No. It does. Okay, I wasn't sure that it would. It looks like this is in the later part of last year, December of 2022. You had to set some time upon the calendar to meet with one of my colleagues. And his name was Dan McCleen. And he was going to share with you how I'll break through on Connect and Cell, which I actually used to speak to you today. And I guess whatever reason that conversation got derailed, I'm not sure if you guys weren't able to see what kind of thing. Probably we're in the claims industry and they can get busy with the quick news. Of course. You just got to drop everything and take it. Sure. So I get it. I get it. And I know you're busy and that's kind of why I was calling to see if we could maybe set a few minutes up to finally have that chat. No strings attached, of course, but I know you had interest in it. You kept me up on the gist of what you guys do? Yeah, absolutely. So just to give you a little bit of context and the kind of<|ru|>gavel<|ru|>gavel<|ru|>gavel. We deliver live conversations on demand at a click of a button. So we eliminate gatekeepers speaking with admins, navigating phone trees, getting dumped into the voicemail over and over when you and the team are looking to have productive conversations be more efficient than your time. So I get to use, someone like me, I get to use Connect and Cell every single day. I have about 25-35 conversations. And whenever I'm speaking, it's just with the person I'm looking to speak to by name and title. And there's only been one change that we have gone through in acquisition. So the structure of our company has changed a little bit. Do you still have my email address? The email that I had was c-h-a-r-r at tm-1.com. Yes, if you want to send me an email, I will forward it on to the new managers. There's still kind of settling into their roles because we are part of a larger organization now. So I'm not a speaker. Is it something that you kind of just learned a little bit more within and is it something that you might be able to kind of influence or what champion if you self-sufficiently want it? I did not understand enough of it how it worked to champion it one way or another. It was more of a discovery call to get more information. Did you add that? No, I don't think we ever, I think we tried to schedule it and I probably had to send it. That's what I showed. That's what I showed. So I think that's what he wanted to do is to keep in decision making out of the conversation or to keep in the process of anything and to have that. And then from there maybe you can kind of make an educated decision of who might be in the best person to speak to or influence. Yeah, because I'm going to do is I'm going to forward it on to the level above me because that would be their territory now. Sure. And the acquisition. That person would be the one to have that discovery call. So I will pass them on. It is something that they want us to pursue. I will definitely let him know because that's really not my territory anymore. We've changed. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 8:56:36 AM\ncompany_name - Team One Adjusting Services\ncontact_first_name - Cheri\ncontact_last_name - Harr\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Referral\nuser_name - Sal Guiliano\ncontact_job_title - Director, Business Development\ncall_talk_time - 243 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_TeamOneAdjustingServices_C_Harr_Referral.mp3
