Call Transcript:\n Hey, Steve with Connect and Cell. Jason, I know I'm an interruption. Can I have 27 seconds to tell you what I call? Excellent. Sorry, promise I'll be brief here. Jason, as I'm sure you know, it could be extremely frustrating trying to get enough conversations to hit your numbers. But I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that unlocks a powerful failed channel, a white conversation. Just like the one we're having now, but our breakthrough isn't in dialogue or CRM, lead gen, nothing like that. I know today's call, Jason, of course, is not a schedule. What I am looking to do is put 15 minutes on the calendar, maybe over the next one of two weeks to share this breakthrough with you at a better time. Do you happen to have your schedule handy? I know it's good to go, but I got lots of leads, so no need. Yeah, we're not like a Zoom info, Jason. What we do is deliver the live conversation. So what I mean by that is when you with a team identifies who you need to speak to, you pick up the phone. Most of the time you end up in that voice message, that nobody returns. Super frustrating, yep, doesn't help to move business forward. Connect and Cell solves that problem. Again, we're not like a dialogue appointment, or Zoom info, or anything like that. Rather, we're a breakthrough way to get every business those live conversations they need to grow. Speaking with execs like yourself, Jason is kind of difficult, this you might imagine. I have 25 plus conversations like this every day, and I suspect that I'm spending 15 minutes together or clarify what I break through with and what it may need to you in the company. Kind of likes the morning to the initial brief chat, of course, whatever you need will accommodate. Well, I appreciate Colin. I'm not interested this time, but I appreciate it here in the self-agenda. You too, sir. Thank you, Jason. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 12:40:28 PM\ncompany_name - Smooth Commerce\ncontact_first_name - Jason\ncontact_last_name - Allard\ncontact_country - Canada\ncontact_job_industry - Software\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Brush-off\nuser_name - Steve Cooperman\ncontact_job_title - Director, Enterprise Sales\ncall_talk_time - 120 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_SmoothCommerce_J_Allard_Brush-off.mp3
