Call Transcript:\n So, hey, this is Patrick from Connect and Cell. How's it going? Good. Hey, Michael. Hey, I know I'm an interruption. Kind of 27 seconds to tell you why I called. Sure. Thanks. Appreciate your time. So, you know, it can be extremely frustrating trying to get enough conversations to hit your numbers. But I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that unlocks a powerful sales channel. That's live conversations like the one we're having right now on demand. And we're not a dialysis, CRM training, or lead gen. Reason I call to him, Michael, is to see if we could get some time up to share some info about what we do at Connect and Cell. Would you have about 15 minutes available in the next couple weeks for a quick call? So I'll tell you what, I would like to learn more. Sure. Because it's time to pick up the phone and call me. I'll get you 15 minutes. Great. Next two weeks though, I am in and out of town and on and off airplanes. So the soonest I could do something would probably be the end of the month. Okay. Fantastic. I'm just great. Don't have to be over the next two different weeks. Great. I just got a couple questions for you. What time zone are you in? Eastern. Eastern. Eastern. And then, like, look at it. Maybe the week of the 25th, 26th, or anything all the way up to the 30th, 31st. Now, let's go to the 30th, 31st. Okay. I'm going to wait for it. Great. Okay. Let's see here. What's the kind of rough size of your team, Michael? 10-ish. 10-ish, okay. I have got pretty wide open in Eastern. I've got a 1 p.m. on Monday, the 30th, or a 2 p.m. on Tuesday, the 31st. Okay. And then, what is the good email to send this in right out to? It's mRaffern at qbackcubx.com. Okay. Fantastic. And then, is this a good mobile number for you? Yep. Great. Great. Well, I'll get you connected to my colleague. I'll send out a calendar. Okay. I'll get you a number. Okay. I'll get you a number. Okay. I'll get you a number. Okay. I'll send out a calendar. Invite as well as a confirmation. And I'll probably reach out to you. Maybe three, just a quick call or email about three days before just so far out. Yeah. We're looking forward to connecting with you. You're the out of the month, Michael. Thank you. Thanks so much. Thanks for the good work. Thanks, bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 5:28:40 AM\ncompany_name - Cubex\ncontact_first_name - Michael\ncontact_last_name - Rathburn\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Software\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Meeting Scheduled\nuser_name - Patrick Smith\ncontact_job_title - Senior Sales Director (US)\ncall_talk_time - 152 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_Cubex_M_Rathburn_MeetingScheduled.mp3
