Call Transcript:\n Yeah, hey, Rooney is Paul, we're connecting. Well, I know I'm an interruption. Can I have to wait seven seconds to tell you? Well, what is this regarding about? You're real brief. So as you might know for sales reps or business development reps, it could be extremely frustrating trying to get enough conversations and hit their numbers. But I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that unlocks a powerful sales channel, which of course is live-comp. Like when we're having to. So Connected Cell, we're not a Thierrym or Diler or Data Provider. Connected Cell is a browser system that you use whenever you're going to be on the phone to follow up with clients or better yet. When you're prospecting, you want those live conversations with targeted contacts. And that's the reason for my call is to get 15 minutes on your calendar and share this breakthrough with you at a better time. Do you happen to have your calendar available? Check mine. Yes. Can you please send an email to support at Clare.io. And then we'll be looking for you to support you to the developer department. Oh, OK. Support at Clare.io. OK. Thanks so much. Have a great day. Thank you. Bye-bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 5:32:42 AM\ncompany_name - Clerk.io\ncontact_first_name - Rune\ncontact_last_name - Larsen\ncontact_country - Denmark\ncontact_job_industry - Internet\ncontact_job_level - C-Level\ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - No Referral\nuser_name - Paul Ahlefeld\ncontact_job_title - Chief Revenue Officer (CRO)\ncall_talk_time - 76 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_Clerk.io_R_Larsen_NoReferral.mp3
