Call Transcript:\n Good afternoon, the question is, that career is how it can help. Hey, this is Sal with Connect and Sal. And Nick, I know of an interruption. Can I have 27 seconds to tell you why, Cole? Yeah, that's no problem. I appreciate you more than you know, I'll be real brief, I know you're busy, so thank you. But as you may know, it could be extremely frustrating trying to get enough conversations for the team to hit their overall numbers. But I believe we discovered a breakthrough here at Connect and Sal, that unlocks a powerful sales channel, which is that live conversation. No different than the one we're having now. And it's not a Legion or any kind of data provider or outsourcing of any kind. And that was the reason for my phone call today. It was really a few minutes on the account that where I'm not bombarding you, it's just a shared up breakthrough with you, Casually. Do you have some time over the next week or so for a brief chat? It's not something that we normally do. We have franchises up and down, the country, so we're not really... Yeah, I'm always having this moment in time, so I'm not a decision maker within the business myself. Yeah, I'm now looking for you to make any kind of decisions. It's really a lot of times we'll get lumped in with something that we're not. So we always find that, spending 15 minutes, kind of like a discovery call, we learn a little bit about your process, you learn a little bit about what we do and how we helped other companies in your space drive business growth and scale. And that's why I was hoping to see if maybe you had at some time in account that that would clarify what that breakthrough might look like for your organization. And then from there, if it's someone else that maybe you could champion or influence if it's even warranted, then we could always cross that bridge if it even got to that point. So what would you be hoping to just have an initial chat to learn a little bit more? I mean, so it wouldn't be with myself for a concert and it takes in details for us to give you a call, that's no problem at all. Okay, would it make sense or easier for you if I sent you a little note with my info and through email and I could put a little context with a little 80 second video that could be helpful if you pass it on to the appropriate person. That'd be easier. Yeah, I can pass along the email so it is the one that would come over, come through. So it would be info at thechristmasdecorritor.com. Okay, perfect. So I have nink at thechristmasdecorritor.com. So it's better off to send it to info. That's it. Yeah, you can send it to both of your problem at all. Okay. Yeah, well, so this way, you know, at your leisure, you could take a look. I'll put like I said, 80 second video that could be helpful because we don't change how you sell. What we do is just get you in front of the people that you're looking to speak to by name entitled. I actually use it to speak to you today. So whenever I'm speaking, it's only having conversations, not with the admin, not with the gatekeeper, not extra, you know, put an extension to 25, but I'm not on hold and more importantly, I'm not ending up in someone's voice mail over and over. So I appreciate you taking the phone call. I know you're busy. I'll let you get back to it. Now, I'll show you how to know the answer was, okay, yeah. That's great. Thank you very much. I hope you have a nice day. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you. Bye bye. Thanks, bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 6:46:00 AM\ncompany_name - The Christmas Decorators\ncontact_first_name - Nick\ncontact_last_name - Bolton\ncontact_country - United Kingdom\ncontact_job_industry - Business Services\ncontact_job_level - C-Level\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Email\nuser_name - Sal Guiliano\ncontact_job_title - Chief Executive Officer\ncall_talk_time - 215 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_TheChristmasDecorators_N_Bolton_Email.mp3
