Call Transcript:\n It's It's Fined in those applications and that's That's the struggle. Mm-hmm Well, um, I still think there could be value in a 15 20 manages kind of show you how we do it It's a huge time saver as well Uh, you know, you basically you know, you kind of sit on a bridge and you know, we turn your your rsm into eight rs You accelerate your process. So that's really the Just a bit is I sit on a bridge and then I have our we do the five dollar phone we call five dollar phone work We do that workflow for you More efficient way there's nothing that changes with your your message your conversation You don't have conversations. It's just you know, you pop over onto my screen You know, I was doing something else and then you know, we have a conversation It's just driving more conversations You know, that's that's really what it comes down to Your audience your your target audience That's that's an important variable like you talked about they have to have a project But this is again, you know, if you can add fuel to the fire, what would that look like? You know, we give you that so that's that's what I want to showcase. Yeah Yeah, honestly, you know, I wouldn't have time to even think about anything through the end of October Yeah, that's fine. I could step up in the right of the holidays. Oh, there's a coming you um That's my calendar in front. I mean can I propose a day or time or you do two days first days But maybe like that first date was November Honestly, I don't You know just come to the chase. I don't see where we're you know Call them 500 people is going to find that project But we've got to know where the project is we've got to find those projects. We've got to know where Where the manufacturer is at And it's not a smiling dial thing by any means No, I know respondent is responded to the customers. It's no one You know what their applications are and what they're going to be looking for But it's yeah, it's not a numbers game per se that we just try to call 500 people and you end up with you know 20 new opportunities Um More difficult yeah Um, let me do that. So let me talk to a few of my guys internally here and I was about your use case about how you kind of go about it and um, you know, we can stay connected Uh, and if there's something I I'll talk to them and say hey, this is what Bill is doing This is kind of what we could help them with this do you think it works and then yeah, then I can kind of get back to you on that Um, I did find you on zoom info um, what does your best you know all this will take me to Is a Use bill that holds him at your LTK and P at trunc tier ump s.com At your face by that one more time P or ump f Okay, dot com All right, Bill does on them. Hey, I appreciate your time. Also, I'll follow up. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Thanks. Okay. Bye You \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 9:27:14 AM\ncompany_name - Coherent\ncontact_first_name - Bill\ncontact_last_name - Holtkamp\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Information Technology & Services\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Future Interest\nuser_name - Sean Holman\ncontact_job_title - Director, Sales\ncall_talk_time - 444 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_Coherent_B_Holtkamp_FutureInterest.mp3
