Call Transcript:\n BEEP BEEP Hello, Captain, this is Rick. Hi, Kader. Alex with Connect and Cell, again, how's it going? Good, good, not bad at all. Alex, what is the room to go just? Yeah, actually, just circling back. Last time we spoke back in May. We had work together on setting aside 15 minutes for you to meet with one of my colleagues, Mark. Does the name of the company ring a bell? No, refresh my memory. What is it about? Yeah, no worries. So we're a breakthrough way of having conversations like this one over the phone. Sure. And enabling reps like myself to get into a week's worth of sales conversations in a single day, if I so choose. So that's what we had time down to share more with you on back in May. That call fell through for whatever reason, so Mark wanted me to touch base to see if we can get that call back on the book to finally share with you a little bit more on our bracelet. Can you send me your URL or your company or let me know so let me do some research and get back. I don't know what in how your phone will be able to assist me or my company according to me. I mean, I would have made them to come. Yeah, so I actually sent you a note all the way back in April. We started there. Okay. And then I followed up and then we like I said had scheduled some time from there. So I'm happy to push that note up. Where is that thing? Yeah, I think you can send that over to me. And what is the name of the company again? I'm just on Google right now. Yeah, it's connect and D and sell connect and sell connect and sell. Okay. Yep. Anything you have six reps a part of your team? Is that correct? Six sales reps. Can I connect them so this is a slight school? No, no, if you guys are the website, there's a lot there. Very technical issues. But I'm a huge fan of that information all over the world. Hopefully we can do that feedback now. So but I think I think that it's really important because he invented the space. But in a nutshell, we just held sandings, get into more conversations with hard-reached decision makers system does the navigation portion of navigating those admins, gatekeepers, and even voicemails to help get into more opportunities. Right. So, that's all, I mean, there's more obviously to it, but that's essentially what it looks like. I mean, I want to make sure that you have space on your obviously calendar for us to connect. I mean, is it a good time for it to be connected? You know, to this, no, not at this time at all. I mean, you know, just send me an email and I'll see if I can research a little bit on your company. You know, because I don't have a time is very limited right now. So perhaps in another week, we can have maybe it might open up, but this week it actually gets pretty jammed up. This week, next week. Okay. So, what do you want to maybe just try for two weeks out on that Wednesday and then we can just keep it flexible and honest if we need to adjust? Yeah, we could do that, but is this the company connectentel.com? That is the website, yes. That is a little bit so. Okay, let me also look at it. Yeah, but I have some time because I'm not sure if it works for us. But maybe just, I don't know. Well, yeah, and I guess we're just looking to have a conversation anyway to put some info in your back pocket at the very least. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 11:40:09 AM\ncompany_name - Connexions Data Incorporated\ncontact_first_name - Rick\ncontact_last_name - Sahu\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Meeting Rescheduled\nuser_name - Alex Rodgers\ncontact_job_title - Sales Director\ncall_talk_time - 249 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_ConnexionsDataIncorporated_R_Sahu_MeetingRescheduled.mp3
