Call Transcript:\n Bebe H. Holly. Hey, this is Patrick from Connect and Cell. How's it going? Hello, Holly. Hello. Hey, can you hear me, okay? Yeah, sorry. Oh, no problem. Hey, Holly. I know I'm an interruption. Um, I have 27 seconds to tell you why I called. Sure. Thanks. Appreciate you. Time. So, you know, it can be extremely frustrating trying to get enough conversations to hit your numbers. But I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that amongst a powerful sales channel. That's live conversations like the one we're having right now. And we're not a dial or a CRM or lead gen. Reason, I call to the Hollywood. This is the way we get some time up to share the Connect and Cell breakthrough. Would you have about 15 minutes available in the next couple of weeks for a quick call? Um, I don't know that it's so relevant to what I do, what you're offering. Sure, sure. I've got you as a head of sales currently. Is that so correct? Yep. And do you guys use the phone to go to market? No. Got you. Got you. Okay. No problem. Hey, I appreciate your time, Holly. All right. Cheers. You're curious. Thanks. Bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 7:48:58 AM\ncompany_name - Brown Brothers Harriman\ncontact_first_name - Holly\ncontact_last_name - Gardner\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Financial Services\ncontact_job_level - VP\ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - Disqualified\nuser_name - Patrick Smith\ncontact_job_title - Head of Sales\ncall_talk_time - 81 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_BrownBrothersHarriman_H_Gardner_Disqualified.mp3
