Call Transcript:\n Can you please, my name is Eric, I'm with Connect and Cell. I know I'm an interruption. Do you have half minute to chat? I'll just look into the Breastling and Deuce the Company. Are you familiar with Connect and Cell and what we do by any chance? I am now. OK. So Lisa, I'm sure you're aware it can be challenging to get enough conversations with your prospect. So we solve that challenge. We provide a technology platform that lets you effortlessly have conversations with your intended target, with your prospect at a click of a button. So you would only speak with your prospect's nickname and title. And so I was looking to see if I can get 15 minutes with you later next week. I just wanted to show more of our breakthrough technology with you. That would happen at our corporate level. OK. You have to speak with someone that I heart corporate. Do you know who I should speak with there? I honestly don't know. I mean, our markets all operate kind of separately. And then we've approached a corporate. But I don't even know who to put you in contact with for that. When you say what's important. To be out of the New York office. To I'm sorry. It would either be someone impossibly the New York office or maybe San Antonio. I wouldn't know. OK. Who's your VP of sales? Who overseas seems like your sales teams are all VP's or all VP's that are selling? Is that correct? OK. So do you report up to a VP of sales or EVPS sales or a CRO? How is that? If you can help me with your, that'd be helpful. So I can look for the right person to speak with. I mean, whoever you would speak with, this wouldn't even be in this. It means. I honestly wouldn't know what you know. I'm the VP of sales for downtown. I don't I make that decision. My boss doesn't make that decision. Possibly his boss probably doesn't even make that decision. So I don't know who to send you for that, honestly. OK. Who's your boss if I reach out to him with her? Can I, but they'd be able to put me in a better direction? My boss is great gold scene. I don't know if you would or wouldn't. But I really think you just, I would call in our corporate number. OK. Did you say the right gold scene? Correct. OK. All right. I'll reach out to corporate and see if I can figure it out. Thank you very much. You're all from the, but I have a great day. Bye-bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 9:42:16 AM\ncompany_name - iHeartMedia\ncontact_first_name - Lisa\ncontact_last_name - Dimartini\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Media & Internet\ncontact_job_level - VP\ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - Disqualified\nuser_name - Erik Martinez\ncontact_job_title - Vice President, Sales\ncall_talk_time - 200 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_iHeartMedia_L_Dimartini_Disqualified.mp3
