Call Transcript:\n Hello, Eric. Hello, Eric. Yeah, Eric is Paul over at Connected Cell. We spoke back on the 25th and you said to give you a call back at a better time. Do you have a half a minute now to chat? I have just a half a minute, Paul, which going on. Yeah, real quick. So Eric, as you might know for sales rest or business development rest, it can be extremely frustrating to try to get enough conversations to hit their numbers. But I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that locks a powerful sales channel, which of course is a live conversation, like the one we're having now. So Connected Cell, we're not a dealer or CRM or data provider. Connected Cell is a browser system that you use whenever you're going to follow up with clients on the phone or better yet when you're prospecting in what those live conversations with target accounts. And that's the reason for my call is to get 15 minutes on your calendar and share this with you at a better time. Do you have your calendar available? Let me just hit Paul before I share. So what the service would be. You're able to get sellers on the phone or in a virtual environment more efficiently through Connected Cell and other mediums. That's the picture. Well, more efficiently. So for instance, when I'm going to call for an hour or two, I loaded up from off my CRM and then I press go on the browser. And it starts searching for live voice like yourself. And you said hello, I post up your information in any contact. You know, notice if we have a previous conversation. The most important thing here Eric is that without Connected Cell, I'd be like you need a rep where I might get seven live conversations on average. You're not only my fifth live conversation in the past hour. That's the power of Connected Cell. And so what I'd like to do is have a Zoom call to show you more how it does work and answer for the questions and get your feedback how you can see it build up your pipeline. Are you sure it's a CRM necessary, Paul? No, it's not actually. In fact, we do even have clients that just load up spreadsheets of information, you know, calls of people who have gone out to show that type of things. And what I can do is have one of my colleagues on the line to talk more about any of those technical details. What's your schedule look like for next week or would later this week work okay for you? Yeah, I'm traveling the whole month here, Paul. What what what what all do and I appreciate you continuing to follow up is let me just have a conversation with my director to see if it would be a good fit for our particular business unit. I mean, can take it from there. Okay. You don't want to try schedule something in November and then you know, if things don't work out, we can always just cancel. I totally understand Paul. I just you know, I could I could save it, you know, or discretionary spend right now on services such as this or just not it's a timing thing. Oh, I understand. But if there's a there's an additional opportunity after I have you know, discussions with my director. Would be interested in reconnecting them. Okay, understand. Yeah. You know, there's no obligation as far as showing this to you. In fact, I was a customer for a company connected cell. We didn't even buy till eight months down the line. But yeah, I'll reach back in November to you. But that be great. Thank you so much. Thanks. Bye bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 7:25:45 AM\ncompany_name - KeHE Distributors\ncontact_first_name - Eric\ncontact_last_name - Nelson\ncontact_country - \ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Future Interest\nuser_name - Paul Ahlefeld\ncontact_job_title - Senior Director, Sales Enablement\ncall_talk_time - 222 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_KeHEDistributors_E_Nelson_FutureInterest.mp3
