Call Transcript:\n Good morning. This is Crystal from Connect and Cell. Who's going camera? Good. How about you, Crystal? That's crazy hearing. I'm doing well as well. Really appreciate you asking. We connected, of course, on May 24th and you were focused on other priorities and growing the team at the time. So, checking back in now and, of course, isn't you now back in this class. So, since you have a sales team, we'll reach you back up to you to special events on your calendar. See how the growth can be helped with the cut coming in 2024. Yeah. I mean, I appreciate you reaching out with the cut. The market right now is super, super soft and it's not really going according to our plan. Three, six, kind of, nine or month or even year plan right now. So, we're kind of struggling to try and find a work to do here. So, maybe we're not changes. We could reconnect, but I don't know if you know too much about the trucking or the shipping or the manufacturing market right now, but it's definitely not in the position we want it to be. I'm just really curious is it because just people are not responding or is it to you when you reach out to them or is it just more of just the overall general? No, you know what? Yeah, the dip. No, the issue isn't reaching out and getting in touch with people. It's just actually getting anything out of the call because there's just nothing being sold. We don't see nothing, but there's definitely a limited amount and it seems like there's, you know, 10 to 20 trucks for every shipment that's out there right now. So, it's just a little bit of a grind, but we're making the connections. It's just a matter of waiting until the market changes or the relationships just build. So, it's going to take some time for sure, but what we're getting at. Are there any verticals or other ways for a plan for growth or tapping into another? Like a sub market in 2024 at all? Not just yet. Yeah, it hasn't really gotten to that just because we haven't gotten through the cycle of the full calendar year just yet of a.k.a. quote unquote struggles, but that if we do get to that point, we definitely have some means of kind of reaching clients in different way or, you know, offering a discount or volume discount, etc. I just feel to keep our drivers rolling. But I know I think there is definitely some benefit when you're selling, but not with us just yet because I'm still on my own. So right now. Yeah, I understand. It's a very special thing. Yeah, I mean, yeah. The balance things of course with a conversation that has been open set to opportunity to have experience of free trial test drive. So you're taking this experience it for a day, these weather, and you get, you know, that we have our coaches here to help with whether the messaging is working or not or, you know, it's like it's great to have a backup, like sort of texting. Sure. And so that's what it does. If you have the 15, 20 minutes somewhere, we usually like a half hour to just have any questions and very sensitive. So you see some value in it. You could be helpful just to help keep you guys afloat or just keep it early and the pricing is very flexible as well. I just used the pricing model a lot this year. Okay. Yeah, that's not good to know. No, I totally appreciate you kind of reaching out. Let me know, but at this time, it's going to be tough for me to just even take on anything else and even be able to just slice potential additional sense as well. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 10:12:28 AM\ncompany_name - Searcy Trucking\ncontact_first_name - Cameron\ncontact_last_name - Langedock\ncontact_country - \ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Future Interest\nuser_name - Krystal Lechner\ncontact_job_title - Director, Sales\ncall_talk_time - 269 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_SearcyTrucking_C_Langedock_FutureInterest.mp3
