Call Transcript:\n I mean, what about other companies where you said you were affiliated with in their struggling? I mean, would it be worth a conversation there? I mean, you can try reaching out to, you know, Paul Coffield over at shopping.com. I mean, you want to try him. You can try him. You know, TV might, may find it useful. You know, I, unfortunately, the other is one of the other tagging companies. I'm going to, it's the, the reason I have a sales person. Probably some get owned in our filthy rich and anything they really believe in business development at all. It's kind of funny. Yeah, I mean, it is, it is what it is. But I'll say what? Do you need a favor? I mean, just give me a call back another month because, you know, I'm constantly working on some other things as well. And I might have something else or two. I might have one or two other things in the rise. That's, that could be helpful for. So, make that into okay. Okay. No, for you can definitely do that. I'll put you in the docket to be checking in the month. I do appreciate you giving me a space time, time of day today to kind of chat a little bit and catch up. Yes, I'll put you like I said in the docket for at least a call back to see where you had that in about a month. And then we can just get up and great sound driven. Thank you. All right. You have good ones. What's that? You're you too. Yeah, thank you. Bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 10:11:04 AM\ncompany_name - Cogent Analytics LLC\ncontact_first_name - David\ncontact_last_name - Zavaleta\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Future Interest\nuser_name - Alex Rodgers\ncontact_job_title - Director of Sales & Business Development\ncall_talk_time - 498 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_CogentAnalyticsLLC_D_Zavaleta_FutureInterest.mp3
