Call Transcript:\n Hello, this is Carly. Hey, it's Adam with Connect and Cell. How are you doing today, Carly? I'm doing well, thank you. Good, good. Carly, I know I'm in an eruption today. I have 20 seconds to tell you why I go. I know a lot of our Connect and Cell. We actually are trialing orm right now, and I'm probably not the contact for you. Oh, nice. How do you know about Connect and Cell? Have you also spoken with us before? I assume that the department within our company has. I've actually used Connect and Cell in the past. Nice. Okay. Perfect. Is there a Central Friland Orm? Is there someone I should reach out to? Yeah, if you want to shoot me an email, I can forward it over to Arvind's development team. That has been Trialing Orm, and then they can give you more context so whether or not they've already tried it with Connect and Cell or trialed that as well. Yeah, absolutely. What's a good work email? I can choose that note too. You can send that to me on forward over so mine is Carly at.amilexen at getcenter.com. Get center.com. Okay. Perfect. I will shoot you over just a basic note. Support along. And hopefully you're back. Appreciate your time today. No problem. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 7:48:48 AM\ncompany_name - getcenter.com\ncontact_first_name - Carlee\ncontact_last_name - Ameluxen\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Software\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Email\nuser_name - Adam Willis\ncontact_job_title - Senior Director, Sales\ncall_talk_time - 76 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_getcenter.com_C_Ameluxen_Email.mp3
