Call Transcript:\n You can reconcile. Daniel, I know I'm an interruption. Can I have 27 seconds to tell you why I called? Sure. Great. I appreciate that. So Daniel, I was reaching out because I believe that we discovered a breakthrough that completely eliminates all the waste and frustration that keeps the best health reps from using the fun effectively or sometimes not using the phone at all. I know you're not a sales rep. It can be challenging to get your prospects on the phone. And so I was looking to see if I can get 15 minutes under calendar next week to share more of our breakthrough with you. Yeah. Good. I would say now that this time we're in budget season and we pretty much already put together our expense for 2024. For us to start looking at things like that, we usually start reviewing in May, June, and July. So we have time in September, October, November to hammer it out in the budget. Got it. Okay. Are you guys excuse? I'm going to put a list for 2024. Okay. All right. Sounds great. Thank you. The problem. Yeah. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 10:08:36 AM\ncompany_name - Service Management Systems\ncontact_first_name - Daniel\ncontact_last_name - Meyr\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Business Services\ncontact_job_level - VP\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Referral\nuser_name - Erik Martinez\ncontact_job_title - Vice President, Business Development\ncall_talk_time - 86 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_ServiceManagementSystems_D_Meyr_Referral.mp3
