Call Transcript:\n Well, how about 12 o'clock? We can do 12. That's fine. I'm flexible. Perfect. And then let me ask you this. What's the rough number of reps on your team? Well, actually. So the thing is is that in my company. I don't know if they would need it in the other divisions. So in my division. It's really just to. But you know, there are other divisions. But they have some other tools that. You know, might. It's them that not need this, you know. OK. But I'll get that that's just kind of given us the. I guess the size sizing for the or the type of thing. Not a big deal. If you have the talk and you find out, hey, it's a great bit. Leave me four if we don't. Hey, that's that. Oh, good. It's just it's a casual conversation. So and then I have your email. Donna, tell you what I will send over the email. Confirmation and a calendar invite here in a moment. If you could do me a favor, accept it when you get it that way. We know it doesn't get lost in the email. And then we'll watch that on Friday. All right, fantastic. Appreciate it. Thank you, Donna. You got it. You have yourself a good day. You do the same. Thank you. All right. Bye bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 8:59:00 AM\ncompany_name - EMSAR\ncontact_first_name - Donna\ncontact_last_name - Defilippis\ncontact_country - \ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Meeting Scheduled\nuser_name - Adam Willis\ncontact_job_title - Regional Sales Manager\ncall_talk_time - 369 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_EMSAR_D_Defilippis_MeetingScheduled.mp3
