Call Transcript:\n This is Mad Over at Connected Cell. How's it going, Mike? I'm sorry, where? Yeah, I'm with Connected Cell. And I know them in an eruption here. Can I get 27 seconds? I'll tell you why, Reese. Sure. Yeah, I appreciate it. So as you know, it is very difficult these days building pipeline using the phone. It's probably the worst part of every rep's day. It's frustrating. They talk to one person every hour or two. And my company has solved that problem by delivering the conversation to your rep on demand. Just like the conversation we're having right now, I'm using Connected Cell. I hit Go. It's found you were available. You picked up the phone. It connected me on the first person you talked to. And it happens every 2, 3, 4 minutes, your rep's having a conversation with somebody on their list. And I was hoping I could get 15 minutes to share our solution with you. Do you happen to have your counter available? I sound cool when you guys are doing, but I don't think that it's going to be use case for us because we don't do much as you need like outbound on the phone. OK. But in nature of like our client being in a chair, checking stuff. But if we did, I think it sounds interesting, but it's not a fit for us. So you don't think even a change of strategy where you said, hey, we could have a conversation with people we've never talked before. You don't think that would be potential, good use case or? No, because I mean, don't fix it if it's not broken. I mean, I come from a heavy boiler room, heavy outbound backgrounds, correct, down the sun. It's not about that, but it's just for what we're doing, and it's not needed. Yeah. OK. Well, let's not. I appreciate you taking my call. And you're gracious in doing that, and the things ever change, feel free to reach out to us. Is it worthwhile calling you back maybe in six months or so? Do you think that strategy will probably not be on it? OK. OK. Sounds good. All right. But hey, thanks so much again. I appreciate it. Have a great day. Yeah, no problem. Thanks. You too. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 12:45:47 PM\ncompany_name - Sure Inc.\ncontact_first_name - Michael\ncontact_last_name - Bluestein\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Business Services\ncontact_job_level - VP\ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - Disqualified\nuser_name - Matt Mickey\ncontact_job_title - VP of Sales\ncall_talk_time - 137 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_SureInc._M_Bluestein_Disqualified.mp3
