Call Transcript:\n Hi, this is Scott. Can I help you? He's Scott. Nick here with Connect and Cell. How are you doing today? I'm good. How are you? I'm good. I'm good. I appreciate you asking. I know I'm an interruption. I was reaching out with my company Connect and Cell. It was hoping to find a few minutes on the calendar. Just have the conversation around around the company around our breakthrough. We spoke briefly back in August. I'm not sure if my company rings a bell by chance. No. Okay. So, real quick. Really just a breakthrough way of having targeted conversations with any of your clients or warm leads that you're looking to nurture. So eliminating that voicemail, like work that it takes to actually get them engaged in a live conversation. And so I'm not sure how much you're using the phone or if that's a key part of your strategy but looking just to introduce our breakthrough, how we're able to get eight to ten targeted conversations every hour. And just kind of see if it's something worth continuing the talks from there. Yeah. We don't call people or anything like that. And I don't have anything to do with the selection of any programs or anything that we have as a company. So I'm not going to be able to help you out. Gotcha. Okay. No problem. Do you know where, like, which direction I should go? Is there like a title for some of the that does evaluate these sort of things? You can, I mean, you can call PI USA. I mean, that would be the office though. You can Google that and call that office. Okay. Okay. But nobody's that's like that's the best I can do for you. Yeah. Okay. Fair enough. Fair enough. All right. Yeah. Fair enough. Yeah. Fair enough. Yeah. Have a good day. Be back. Thanks for that. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 10:41:34 AM\ncompany_name - Physik Instrumente\ncontact_first_name - Scott\ncontact_last_name - Giancola\ncontact_country - \ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - No Referral\nuser_name - Nathan Merrill\ncontact_job_title - Director, Sales\ncall_talk_time - 108 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_PhysikInstrumente_S_Giancola_NoReferral.mp3
