Call Transcript:\n is Jeremy with Connect and Cell. How's it going? I'm sorry. Who? It's Jeremy. And I'm looking to women in the option right now. I just wonder if I can have 27 seconds to tell you Michael. This is the sales department. This is Audrey. It is. I work in sales. Yeah. That's exactly well. Yeah. That's who I'm trying to reach. So, look, I'm obviously sales myself, right? And so, I know how frustrating it could be when you... What is that? I'm just wondering what type of business you're in. That possibly I may not be able to help you. Sure. I don't know. Yeah. Well, let's just really quickly. Like, essentially, you guys are making outbound calls to open up new business. And when people pick up the phone, they're very expensive. And it takes forever to get somebody like a decision maker on the phone. I got out two hours of dialing out. And what we do is we step in and we eliminate all the waste around that outbound motion. And get your people that same conversation every four and a half to seven minutes that they're using the phone. Yeah. This is something that I would not have anything to do with you to have to call our corporate office for that. Got it. I don't handle those type of, you know, whatever service you're providing. That's not my wheelhouse. You'd have to call a concert direct. Okay. Probably ask when you call the corporate number to ask for the marketing department because they would handle things like that. Okay. Great. Well, thank you very much, Audrey. Have a great day. You're welcome. Have a good day. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 1:28:15 PM\ncompany_name - ConServe\ncontact_first_name - Audrey\ncontact_last_name - Ricucci\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Business Services\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - No Referral\nuser_name - Jeremy Lamb\ncontact_job_title - Regional Director, Business Development\ncall_talk_time - 108 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_ConServe_A_Ricucci_NoReferral.mp3
