Call Transcript:\n Yeah, hey, Dewey is Paul over at Connector Cell. I know I'm probably an interruption. Can I have 27 seconds to tell you why I call? You can, but I can't do much more than that. Real free. So Dewey, as you may know, for Sail for F's or business development rest, it could be extremely frustrating trying to get enough conversations and hit their numbers. But I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that unlocks a powerful sales channel, which is a live conversation, like the one we're having now. So, Connector Cell, we're not a CRM or data provider or a dialer. Connector Cell is a browser system that you use whenever you're going to be on the phone to follow up with clients. Or better yet, when you're prospecting, you want those live conversations with targeted accounts. And that's the reason for my call is to get 15 minutes on your calendar and share this breakthrough with you at a better time. Do you have any heavier calendar available? I do, yeah, I would say if you wanted to send me a appointment for that, I'd be in the restaurant here with you, I have to say. Sure. Do you have some time later this week, maybe Friday or would next week be better? That was probably on the... Yeah, you know, Friday can work out. Yeah, Friday morning usually before 10. Before 10? All right. 930. That would work. Okay. Great, yeah. And then let me make sure I've got your email address. Is it Dewey at haydayfund.com? That's it, yeah. Send it over that way and that will get to me. Great, and I'll have my colleague see you at the calendar and buy it. I'll have him on the call to answer technical questions and look forward to talking to you then, and that's 930 Central. Appreciate it. That will be great. I look forward to it. Thank you. Bye-bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 9:11:52 AM\ncompany_name - HeyDay Entertainment\ncontact_first_name - Dewey\ncontact_last_name - Beene\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Media & Internet\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Meeting Scheduled\nuser_name - Paul Ahlefeld\ncontact_job_title - Director, Sales& Marketing\ncall_talk_time - 101 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_HeyDayEntertainment_D_Beene_MeetingScheduled.mp3
