Call Transcript:\n Hello, this is Eric. Eric? Yes. With Pinectin Cell here. Yes, how's it going? Good. Who is this? This is Alex. I'm reaching out back out with my company Connectin Cell. Did you have a brief half minute here to catch up? I don't right now. We're short people and we're all out doing well. I'd have to schedule something. Hey, I've been there. Yeah. We've actually connected two, three quarters ago give or take and set aside a few minutes for actually for you to speak with one of my colleagues. Why not? The call cell through. So you were short staffed as well. Back then we were just looking for the opportunity to sign with you. We introduced our services. Did you know a good time, a time of day, day of the week that works? Up from right now. The soonest would be Monday, probably after two o'clock. If you have time. Yeah, Monday after two o'clock, Eastern time. Let me just see here. Keep it quick here. Okay. Yeah. 2 p.m. or 3 p.m. and work. Yeah. 3 p.m. and then figure the same email is good. Is that... Yes. Okay. First name, last name. Okay. Perfect. All right. I will shoot over a fresh invite if the time doesn't work for any reason or something comes up. Definitely just tolerate us so let us know we'll be honest. Okay. But I'll let you get back to everything that you're working on right now and we look forward to connecting with you. Okay. Turn of the week. Next week. All right. Thank you. Thanks Eric. Bye-bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 9:34:17 AM\ncompany_name - Enviro-Master Services\ncontact_first_name - Eric\ncontact_last_name - Poderys\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - VP\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Meeting Rescheduled\nuser_name - Alex Rodgers\ncontact_job_title - Owner and Vice President Business Development\ncall_talk_time - 102 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_Enviro-MasterServices_E_Poderys_MeetingRescheduled.mp3
