Call Transcript:\n Who is Connect and Cell here? How's it going? All right, how are you? I'm doing well. Hey, does the name of the company ring a bell? By chance? No, it does not. Okay, I'm no worries, it has been some time here. Mind if I take a brief half minute to jog? The old memory. Okay, thanks so much. So it looks like all the way back in September of last year. We had reached out new, a set of five, 15 minutes to go to the person details on the company. We're a breakthrough way of having conversations like this over the phone. Empowering reps like myself to get into a week's worth of sales, conversations in a single day, if I should choose. So that's what we're going to unpack more if you on. It's clearly been some time, right? Which is the reason for reaching back out. Yeah, I think somebody reached out last week. I don't, we don't do sales. We don't do mind apartment doesn't. That would be through MIT or IT department. I have to reach out for people so it's not. Okay. And we use Microsoft Teams, Zoom, whatever, if we have to talk in, we're still in-house. So we're still reporting to work. And they said, right, the least, I'll tie my office though. Gotcha. Okay. I appreciate you clarifying that. One question I just had tied to what you're just saying that. So you have a group of four, a part of your team, and then they're kind of, so they're not going after new business? No. Just kind of managing existing relationships then to- They don't even, I mean, they're in that they deal with in-house employees. They don't deal with sales or anything. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. That makes sense. Okay. I appreciate you clarifying. I know we had a pretty short conversation a little over a year ago. So I appreciate you giving me some context. Maybe best to just leave it here. Oh, for now. But thank you so much for this time of space today. I appreciate that. And hope you have a good rest of your day and a rest of your week. Thank you. Bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 10:07:47 AM\ncompany_name - Montefiore Medical Center\ncontact_first_name - Thomas\ncontact_last_name - Reca\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - No Referral\nuser_name - Alex Rodgers\ncontact_job_title - Director, Revenue\ncall_talk_time - 139 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_MontefioreMedicalCenter_T_Reca_NoReferral.mp3
