Call Transcript:\n Okay, air see. Hey, Aaron, it's Sean with Connect and Cell. How you doing? Good, how are you? I'm so well. Hey, I know I'm an interruption. I'm just hoping to get 27 seconds of your time. I'll tell you why I'm calling. Is that okay? Sure. Okay, great. Hey, so my company Connect and Cell, we understand it's very difficult to get quality conversations to kind of hit your targets, your goals, your quarters, your metrics. We've discovered and continued to develop a sales channel that's often overlooked. It's live conversations. So like the one where you work kind of right now, back down to it by technology. So I'm looking to schedule this 15 minutes with you here in October, whatever works for you. To showcase what we do, how we do it, and learning to fit for what you're doing. Would you be open, sir? Or shaking a million? Yes, sure. Shoot an email. We'll put the fix and base. Well, I got my calendar open. I usually do them on Tuesdays Thursday. I don't have my calendar on my problem. And then make a mail of one of the sales tariffs right now. Okay, let me, I do. Let me tell you a little. I'll send you an email and then I'll propose some times. But I appreciate you taking it every time right now. Thanks. Appreciate you. Okay. Bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 8:53:03 AM\ncompany_name - Prime Material Handling Equipment\ncontact_first_name - Aaron\ncontact_last_name - Wilson\ncontact_country - Canada\ncontact_job_industry - Transportation/Trucking/Railroad\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Meeting Scheduled\nuser_name - Sean Holman\ncontact_job_title - Director, Sales\ncall_talk_time - 74 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_PrimeMaterialHandlingEquipment_A_Wilson_MeetingScheduled.mp3
