Call Transcript:\n Yeah, I mean, no worries is I mean, it's the type of thing though. I mean, at the end of the day, like I said, just looking to have a conversation. You know, I guess it's the case that we that we work, you know, within. So there's no one else doing what we do. But again, just at the end of the day, looking to have a conversation to put some info on your back pocket. So is that. No, I get it, but unless there's something that you can tell me that we need to believe that there's. You know, a demonstrative distinction between what you guys are trying to accomplish with your clients and what we actually do for ourselves. I don't I just don't understand. I just don't see it. I mean, I'm sure. I get that so I'll just add this this last piece. So this is something that's used in house by inside sales teams to get their reps into more conversations with hard to reach decision makers. So we're not lead gen, but we provide the vehicle for teams to get into more of the conversations once they've identified leads. If that makes sense. So we do the essentially do the navigating on behalf of your reps to get them into those conversations. That's on the same that that is exactly the job description, right? We give them a week and then there is individuals that are job to find out how do we get to the decision maker and those just found a way. So why rough when we when you get out on the field, one of the criticisms they'll get oftentimes like, man, I try to tell you people that I wasn't interested in. Man, I tried it in all we're doing is just getting the door left and right. I said that's a kind of what's good now. That's what they're paying to do. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, you don't think like the world is doing that. I mean, even if you could, I mean, it's true upon it, even in the slightest bit. I don't know if the ROI would be there at the end of the day. I mean, I just don't, I mean, it's exactly what the other child is doing. Yeah, and there's there's the element of how we can transform, you know, how it's company and team can, how they can go to market, right? Because I'm able to do the work of just as an example, one rep for my company, I'm able to do the work of, you know, six to ten reps. So that's really just the plan efficiency and how teams can be going to market a little bit more efficient, right? And effectively, if you have a large team that's already making these calls, right? It's more of a, how can you, your team do more with less? So that's why that's how we differentiate ourselves and how we're not like anything else out there. Well, I can, I can, I can tell you right now, there's probably two of you other things. I'm, you know, filming in the winter, probably needs you something like that because they don't, they're not using that model. And I can totally see where it's relevant. It's just about everybody else. But yeah, I, yeah, so we're, we're on there right now with, you know, with the team that I read it, you know, it's about eight me inside sales and 20 outside sales. And from the inside sales, people that are setting up the outside sales, you know, with appointments, that's exactly what they need. Okay. Yeah. No, perfect. It's what, it's what they're doing. I mean, what about other companies where you said you were affiliated with in their struggling? \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 10:11:04 AM\ncompany_name - Cogent Analytics LLC\ncontact_first_name - David\ncontact_last_name - Zavaleta\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Future Interest\nuser_name - Alex Rodgers\ncontact_job_title - Director of Sales & Business Development\ncall_talk_time - 498 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_CogentAnalyticsLLC_D_Zavaleta_FutureInterest.mp3
