Call Transcript:\n Hello. Hey, Garrett, a statum with connect and cell. How are you doing today? Hey, how are you? Good, good. Hey, we spoke back June 16th. Mission 2, we're going through a bit of a transition period. One of the reconnecting is now is a better time to get 15 minutes on your calendar. Sure. A little bit more about connect and cell on a brief zoom. Yeah, remind me of what you guys do again. Yeah, I'm sorry. So what we do, we enable companies and teams to get into more conversation by eliminating the time track and the frustration it takes to get someone on the phone. So eliminating gatekeepers, admins, voicemails and allowing you to connect by name and title to your incentive targets or even more of your market more effectively. Okay. I don't think that we're interested in someone here. Keep me on your list here. I'm also probably wouldn't be the decision maker. So, yeah, we're probably passing this one. Yeah, appreciate you calling that. Okay. If you're not the position maker, there's someone else I should reach out to that might want to learn about getting more conversations kind of out and driving that failed needle. Yeah, but you have our own in-house piece, though. I'll just try some external folks in the past and kind of cut those off and just have them use internally at this point. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, we aren't looking to outsource or firm believer that if you're selling something you and your team need to be making those calls this when you outsource, they don't really care. Like you do. Yeah, so we would be delivering the conversations to you and your team kind of helping you drive that needle a little faster. All right. So you guys generate the lead there. So not lead, Jen, not a data provider training, anything like that. Let me kind of paint you what my day looks like. Maybe that might help explain what it is. So I sit down in the morning. I start pretty early, so I have my cup of coffee. I log in, load my list, whether it's my VPs, directors, managers, whoever I'm trying to reach that day. And with the minutes I'm having conversations with them without dealing with the ringtone gatekeepers, voice mails, all the time, second frustration is takes the gift of one on the phone. And I get to have about 20 to 30 of these conversations a day. It really is just a breakthrough way of getting companies enough conversations to keep on growing. So like I said, I was just looking for 15 minutes casual chat, share how we're able to do that. On a brief zoom, kind of easier to show you what we do and how we do it versus try to paint you a Picasso. Yeah. You can reach out. Have you found my info on LinkedIn? Honestly, I do. We have a research team that does all that. I don't know where you're trying to shoot. Sorry, our group VP is Dory not. You want to shoot her an email and during not like taking over. Yes, but I'll wait. The DOREM.KNOTTS at Citrus, a CIT, R-U-S-A-B dot com. The Citrus.com. Do you want to shoot her a note? And then if she's potentially, you know, what's the further the conversation, as far as the best route for you, yes. Perfect. That's all I can ask. Appreciate your time today, Garrett. I wish you the best. Thank you. Take care. Bye. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 8:40:04 AM\ncompany_name - CitrusAd\ncontact_first_name - Garrett\ncontact_last_name - Cox\ncontact_country - \ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Referral\nuser_name - Adam Willis\ncontact_job_title - Vice President, Media Sales\ncall_talk_time - 221 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_CitrusAd_G_Cox_Referral.mp3
