Call Transcript:\n Good morning, Stanley. Yeah, hey, Tammy, it's Paul over at Connected Cell. We connected briefly on the 29th. You were busy and we great. I'd send you an email and talk a bit of her time. Can you have a half of in the data chat? Yeah, but I'm not quite sure. Go ahead. I'm just not quite sure you have the right person. I think you. But go ahead. What's real briefly? You didn't tell me it's only happened. So as you might know for cell drafts, it could be extremely frustrating trying to get enough conversations to hit their numbers. But I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that unlocks a powerful cell's channel, which of course is a live conversation like the one we're having now. So Connected Cell, we're not a CRM or DILAR or data provider. Connected Cell is a browser system that you use whenever you're going to be on the phone to follow up with clients or better yet when you're prospecting and you want to have those live conversations with targeted accounts. And that's the reason for my call is to get 15 minutes of your channel during share this breakthrough with you at a better toy. Yeah, and honestly, I'm not the person that makes the decision that you would need to more than likely speak to someone that's in there. You know, our corporate environment, which we just changed, we were just merged. So it's not, I'm no idea who that point of contact would be, but I'm not the person that would make a decision. You know, to roll out that particular platform or so. Yeah, sorry. I appreciate the time, though. Thanks so much. Have a great day. Yep, thank you. You're welcome. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 7:21:58 AM\ncompany_name - TESSCO\ncontact_first_name - Tammy\ncontact_last_name - Halley\ncontact_country - \ncontact_job_industry - \ncontact_job_level - \ncontact_status - Contacted - Disqualified\ncall_disposition - No Referral\nuser_name - Paul Ahlefeld\ncontact_job_title - Director, Ne Commercial Sales\ncall_talk_time - 92 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_TESSCO_T_Halley_NoReferral.mp3
