Call Transcript:\n This is Steve. Hi. This is Becky. I'm calling from Kinephan Cell. And I know that I'm an interruption. Can I have 27 seconds to tell you why I call? I'm actually unhold for another call. You can go, but the minute I get the thing, I might have to bump you up. Okay. And then if I get bumped, I'll just call you back. Okay. All right. So, you know, it can be really, really frustrating trying to get enough conversations to hit your numbers. But I believe we've discovered a breakthrough that unlocks a powerful sales channel. That is a live conversation like the one we're having right now. And this is not a dialer, we're not a CRM, and we are not lead generation. It's nothing like that. So, Steve, and the reason for my call is to get 15 minutes on your calendar to share this breakthrough with you at a time that's more convenient for you. So, do you happen to have your calendar handy? I do, but Becky, my, unfortunately, I feel that pain of getting live people on the phone calls or everything. Yeah. Just returning emails. But unfortunately, my company holds the person to ask absolutely everything. And I am not the right person. Unfortunately, I have, you know, some autonomy over our group or my division of Endeavour Business Media. But Endeavour Business Media won't let us do anything on our own. And I totally, totally expected that. Do you lead a sales team? Sort of. I am the, well, I guess, I do, yes. Yeah. Okay. And I thought so. So, here's the thing. First of all, we can help the team have 10 times more sales conversations every single day than what they're currently having. That's the first thing I want to put out there. And second of all, we don't even necessarily like to start out talking to the decision maker. We like to speak to people in the trenches who are selling and leading a sales team because you understand better than anyone. And how difficult it is to even get qualified prospects on the phone. So, big question. If we were to take 15 minutes, show you what we do and you thought it was amazing. Could you just be an influencer and elevate it within the team? Well, see, that's the thing because we, we, and I know, I know we just said about qualified sales leads. But realistically, within what we do in this B2B media arena, we actually know who the people are that we need to be speaking with. It's getting those, those people to respond to our call to, to respond to our emails, etc. It's not finding new leads because it's not what we do. We're not lead gen at all. That is not at all what we do. So, what we do is we get you into conversations every day because, you know, it takes a lot of legwork to get into a live conversation. You know, you typically end up leaving boy smells that rarely get returned, which is beyond frustrating. So, you can definitely eliminate all that frustration and tedious time consuming work that keeps sales reps from using the phone effectively. And I can tell you I've been doing this type of work for way more years than I even want to admit. Before, before connecting sale, I was like every other salesperson who speaks about maybe 3, 4, 5, even 6 people a day. But you're my, let's see here, you're my seventh conversation in the last hour and all I do is press a button to get connected with hard to reach exactly. And I have 25 to 35 conversations like this every single day. I never would have ever thought that possible. But we can show you how that works. It takes 15 minutes. We know you're not the decision maker. \n\n Call Metadata: \ncall_date - 10/4/2023 1:04:09 PM\ncompany_name - Endeavor Business Media\ncontact_first_name - Stephen\ncontact_last_name - Lach\ncontact_country - United States\ncontact_job_industry - Business Services\ncontact_job_level - Director\ncontact_status - Contacted - Qualifying\ncall_disposition - Referral\nuser_name - Becky Benson\ncontact_job_title - Director, Business Development\ncall_talk_time - 323 Seconds\nfile_name - uploads/10_04_2023_EndeavorBusinessMedia_S_Lach_Referral.mp3
